Methodical Bible study: A new approach to hermeneutics /SEP/ Methodical Bible study: A new approach to hermeneutics. Inductive study compares related Bible texts in order to let the Bible interpret itself, rather than approaching Scripture with predetermined notions of what it will say.  Dr. Trainas Methodical Bible Study was not intended to be the last word in inductive Bible study; but since its first publication in 1952, it has become a foundational text in this field.  Christian colleges and seminaries have made it required reading for beginning Bible students, while many churches have used it for their lay Bible study groups.  Dr. Traina summarizes its success in this comment:  "If the truths of the Bible already resided in man, there would be no need for the Bible and this manual would be superfluous.  But the fact is the Bible is an objective body of literature which exists because man needs to know certain truths which he himself cannot know.  There are two main approaches open to the Bible student.  One is deduction, which begins with generalizations and moves for their support to the particulars.  By its very nature deduction tends to be subjective and prejudicial.  Its opposite, induction, is objective and impartial; for it demands that one first examine the particulars of the Scriptures and that ones conclusions be based on those particulars.  Such an approach is sound because, being objective, it corresponds to the objective nature of the Scriptures."  This book fills the need for a simple, practical textbook in hermeneutics.  It encourages the serious Bible student to practice the best kind of hermeneutic, which allows the Word of God to speak for itself.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Robert A. Traina was Thompson Professor of Biblical Studies at Asbury Theological Seminary, Wilmore KY.  He held the STB and STM degrees from Biblical Seminary in New York and the PhD degree from Drew Uinversity.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
Southeastern Mills Roast Beef Gravy Mix, 4.5-Ounce Packages (Pack of 24) /SEP/ Southeastern Mills Roast Beef Gravy Mix, 4.5-Ounce Packages (Pack of 24). Makes 3-1/2 cups. Down home taste. Makes hearty beef stew base.
MMF Industries 24-Key Portable Zippered Key Case (201502417) /SEP/ MMF Industries 24-Key Portable Zippered Key Case (201502417). The MMF Industries 201502417 24-Key Portable Zippered Key Case is an attractive burgundy-colored leather-like vinyl case with brass corners and looks like a portfolio. Its easy-slide zipper keeps keys enclosed, and a hook-and-loop fastener strips keep keys securely in place. Key tags are included.	Zippered key case offers a portable alternative to metal wall key cabinets. Included key tags are backed by hook-and-loop closures. Easy slide zipper keeps keys enclosed. Leatherlike vinyl and brass corners make key case appear to be a portfolio. Key case offers a 24-key capacity.
Hoover the Fishing President /SEP/ Hoover the Fishing President. Hal Elliott Wert has spent years researching Herbert Hoover, Franklin Roosevelt, and Harry Truman. He holds a Ph.D. from the University of Kansas and currently teaches at the Kansas City Art Institute.
GeoPuzzle U.S.A. and Canada - Educational Geography Jigsaw Puzzle (69 pcs) /SEP/ GeoPuzzle U.S.A. and Canada - Educational Geography Jigsaw Puzzle (69 pcs). GeoPuzzles are jigsaw puzzles that make learning world geography fun. The pieces of a GeoPuzzle are shaped like individual countries, so children learn as they put the puzzle together. Award-winning Geopuzzles help to build fine motor, cognitive, language, and problem-solving skills, and are a great introduction to world geography for children 4 and up. Designed by an art professor, jumbo sized and brightly colored GeoPuzzles are available for 5 major continents.	Geopuzzle U.S. and Canada
Amazon.com: Paul Fredrick Men's Cotton Pinpoint Oxford Straight Collar Dress Shirt: Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Paul Fredrick Men's Cotton Pinpoint Oxford Straight Collar Dress Shirt: Clothing. Pinpoint Oxford Cotton. Traditional Straight Collar, 1/4 Topstitched. Button Cuffs, 1/4 Topstitched. Embedded Collar Stay. Regular, Big and Tall. Top Center Placket. Split Yoke. Single Front Rounded Pocket. Machine Wash Or Dry Clean. Imported. * Big and Tall Sizes - addl $5.00
Darkest Fear : A Myron Bolitar Novel /SEP/ Darkest Fear : A Myron Bolitar Novel. Myron Bolitar's father's recent heart attack brings Myron smack into a midlife encounter with issues of adulthood and mortality. And if that's not enough to turn his life upside down, the reappearance of his first serious girlfriend is. The basketball star turned sports agent, who does a little detecting when business is slow, is saddened by the news that Emily Downing's 13-year-old son is dying and desperately needs a bone marrow transplant; even if she did leave him for the man who destroyed his basketball career, he wouldn't wish tsuris like that on anyone. And he's not at all interested in getting involved with Emily again, not even to track down the one mysterious donor who may be able to save the boy. But when Myron learns that Jeremy Downing is his own son, conceived the night before Emily and Greg Downing married, he embarks on a search for someone who disappeared a lifetime ago. And what he finds leads him to a powerful family determined to keep an old secret, a disgraced reporter who may have plagiarized a novel to create a serial killer, a very interested FBI agent, and a missing child.  This is the seventh outing in a series that's been gaining in popularity since Bolitar's first appearance, in Harlan Coben's Deal Breaker. Myron's a bit of a baby, but he's not afraid to get rough when the situation calls for it, he's eminently likable, and his heart's in the right place. The fireworks are supplied by his friend and partner, Win, who really deserves a series of his own, and Esperanza, the lesbian wrestler-lawyer who has finally talked Myron into making her a partner in the business. Like Coben's other Bolitar novels, she's worth every penny. --Jane Adams	Book seven in Coben's wonderfully rich series (after 1999's The Final Detail), which features sports agent Myron Bolitar, former basketball player and totally believable human being, is all about fathers, sons and the intricate and often painful chains that link them together. Myron, who has just moved out of his parents' house at the age of 34, is worried about his father's health after a heart attack, but it's hard for either of them to talk about the older man's condition. Myron tends to have long relationships with women that end in tears. ("You're in your mid-thirties, single, sensitive, and you like show tunes," says his current lover, a troubled television star. "If you were a better dresser, I'd say you were gay.") Emily, his college girlfriend from Duke who dumped him for a more successful basketball rival, re-enters the picture to tell him that her critically ill 13-year-old son needs a bone marrow transplant, but the only suitable registered donor has disappeared. Can Myron find him? And, by the way--Myron is the boy's real father. The search takes Myron deep into some decades-old unsolved crimes involving another father and son--a sadistic deranged killer and a conflicted newspaper columnist. Myron's deadly preppy friend, Win, is on hand to supply his own frightening brand of violence, and the gorgeous Esperanza Diaz, the former wrestler who's now a full partner in MB SportsReps, supplies wisdom as well as glamour. But the heart of the novel is, as always, the fallible but infinitely appealing, accessible figure of Myron Bolitar--a modern Don Quixote complete with knee brace and cell phone, ready to take on the world's problems. (June) Copyright 2000 Reed Business Information, Inc.	YA-Struggling to keep his sports agency afloat, Myron Bolitar is not thrilled to have a former girlfriend resurface after many years. Sadly, her 13-year-old son desperately needs a bone-marrow transplant from a person who has mysteriously disappeared. The woman asks for Myron's help in locating the missing donor and confides to him that he is the boy's father. Against his better judgment, the protagonist begins to search	Manhattan sports agent Myron Bolitar is shocked when his former college lover informs him he is the father of her 13-year-old son, who has anemia. But the girlfriend--now inimically divorced from her husband--only uses that fact to convince him to locate the boy's bone-marrow donor, who has disappeared. Bolitar's subsequent quest pits him against a wealthy, publicity-shy, and bitterly scrapping family with hitherto secret connections to a crazed kidnapper. Crisp, focused prose, a wisecracking but gallant hero, and a busy plot make this essential for most collections. Copyright 2000 Reed Business Information, Inc.	Sports agent Myron Bolitar is busy hustling new clients and schmoozing old ones when his first love drops back into his life. She has some news for Myron: she broke up with Greg, and her son, who is dying of a rare form of anemia, is also Myron's son. The boy, Jeremy, needs a bone marrow transplant if his life is to be saved. A possible donor has disappeared. Will Myron help? The search points to the son of powerful East Coast parents, but they aren't talking. Then Jeremy is kidnapped by a serial killer who seems intent on psychologically torturing his victims' families. The Bolitar thrillers are always leavened with humor, no matter how grim the content, and this one is no exception. Even so, the darkness of the plot and the seriousness of the theme--the reponsibilities of parenthood--give this installment added impact. Thought-provoking issues and mind-numbing terror made more real by their human context. Wes LukowskyCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved	Years after a mauled knee ended his basketball career in his first preseason game, sports agent Myron Bolitar is still taking body blows. The latest is the news that he has a son by Emily Downing, the college sweetheart whose wedding to rival hoopster Greg Downing he celebrated perhaps too vigorously with her the night before. Emilys kept her secret for 13 years, but now that Jeremys been diagnosed with life-threatening Fanconi anemia, she begs his help in locating a bone-marrow donor whod be a perfect match for their son if only he hadnt vanished. And it gets worse. Myrons search for the missing donor swiftly drags him into the nightmare world of a serial kidnapper whose whispered phone mantra to his victims loved onesSow the seedshas been spreading terror for years; to the reporter whose exclusive stories on the kidnapper sent his career soaring before wrecking it and killing his girlfriend; and to the obscenely wealthy Lex family, whose members arent shy about using their money to destroy anyone who crosses their pathanyone like Myron, for instance. As the complications deepen, the oppressively playful badinage of the opening chapters falls away, revealing Coben (The Final Detail, 1999, etc.) once again as one of the most inventive plotters in the businessuntil he tries one spin too many with an epilogue thats too twisty, too sentimental, and way too long. Even so, Myron runs rings around most of the tough-guy competition in the amateur division, like a class clown whos much more than just a funny face. -- Copyright  2000 Kirkus Associates, LP. All rights reserved.	Harlan Coben and the Myron Bolitar Novels:The world needs to discover Harlan Coben.He's smart, he's funny, and he has something to say.--Michael ConnellyIn a genre crowded with accidental detectives who seem invented only to lure cat-loving vegetarians and other special-interest readers, Myron Bolitar stands out.--USA TodayDon't let Coben's wry observations fool you.They gift wrap keen insights into our society....--The Washington Post Book WorldPoignant and insightful...Myron is gallant, likable and delightfully original.--Los Angeles TimesCoben has melded sly humor, sophisticated plotting, and solid storytelling with bizarre yet believable characters.--Chicago TribuneBottom line: Slam dunk suspense from smart aleck sleuth.--People Magazine Beach Pick of the Week	6 1.5-hour cassettes	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Edgar Award-winner Harlan Coben is at his electrifying best in his latest novel--a dazzling tale of seething mystery and dark family secrets. In Darkest Fear, Myron Bolitar faces the most emotionally shattering case of his career. And it all begins when Myron's ex-girlfriend tells him he is a father--of a dying thirteen-year-old boy....Myron's sports agency is struggling. Now more than ever Myron needs to keep his eye on the ball, sign up some big-name clients, and turn away from the amateur detective work that is taking precious time away from the agency. But life is not going according to plan. Myron's father, recently recovered from a heart attack, is facing his own mortality--and forcing Myron to face it too. Then comes another surprise. Emily Downing, Myron's college sweetheart, reappears in his life with devastating news: Her thirteen-year-old son Jeremy is gravely ill and can be saved only by a bone-marrow transplant--from a donor who has vanished without a trace. And before Myron can absorb this revelation, Emily hits him with an even bigger shocker: Jeremy is Myron's son, conceived the night before Emily's wedding to another man.Staggered by the news, Myron plunges into a search for the missing donor. But for Myron, finding the only person in the world who can save a boy's life means cracking open a mystery as dark as it is heartbreaking--a mystery that involves a broken family, a brutal kidnapping spree, and a cat-and-mouse game between an ambitious reporter and the FBI. Somewhere in the sordid mess is the man who once signed his name to a bone-marrow donor's registry, then disappeared. And as doubts emerge about Jeremy's true paternity, a child vanishes, igniting a chain reaction of truth and revelation that will change everyone's life forever.At once a riveting mystery and a spellbinding journey into the secrets that haunt families, lovers, and friends, Darkest Fear proves once again that Harlan Coben is a master storyteller like no other--and one of the most original talents in suspense fiction today.	Harlan Coben and the Myron Bolitar Novels:"The world needs to discover Harlan Coben.  He's smart, he's funny, and he has something to say."--Michael Connelly"In a genre crowded with accidental detectives who seem invented only to lure cat-loving vegetarians and other special-interest readers, Myron Bolitar stands out."--USA Today"Don't let Coben's wry observations fool you.  They gift wrap keen insights into our society...."--The Washington Post Book World"Poignant and insightful...Myron is gallant, likable and delightfully original."--Los Angeles Times"Coben has melded sly humor, sophisticated plotting, and solid storytelling with bizarre yet believable characters."--Chicago Tribune"Bottom line: Slam dunk suspense from smart aleck sleuth."--People Magazine Beach Pick of the Week	Harlan Coben is the author of six previous novels:The Final Detail, One False Move, Back Spin, the Edgar Award and Shamus Award-winning Fade Away, Drop Shot, and Deal Breaker, which won an Anthony Award and received an Edgar Award nomination.He lives in New Jersey with his wife, daughter, and two sons.His e-mail address is bolitar@aol.com.Visit his website at www.harlancoben.com.	An hour before his world exploded like a ripe tomato under a stiletto heel, Myron bit into a fresh pastry that tasted suspiciously like a urinal cake.Well? Mom prompted.Myron battled his throat, won a costly victory, swallowed. Not bad.Mom shook her head, disappointed.What?I'm a lawyer, Mom said. You'd think I'd have raised a better liar.You did the best you could, Myron said.She shrugged and waved a hand at the, uh, pastry. It's my first time baking, bubbe. It's okay to tell me the truth.It's like biting into a urinal cake, Myron said.A what?In men's public bathrooms. In the urinals. They put them there for the smell or something.And you eat them?No--Is that why your father takes so long in there? He's having a little Tastykake? And here I thought his prostate was acting up.I'm joking, Mom.She smiled through blue eyes tinged with a red that Visine could never hope to get out, the red you can only get through slow, steady tears. Normally Mom was heavily into histrionics. Slow, steady tears were not her style. So am I, Mr. Smarty Pants. You think you're the only one in this family with a sense of humor?Myron said nothing. He looked down at the, uh, pastry, fearing or perhaps hoping it might crawl away. In the thirty-plus years his mother had lived in this house, she had never baked -- not from a recipe, not from scratch, not even from one of those Pillsbury morning croissant thingies that came in small mailing tubes. She could barely boil water without strict instructions and pretty much never cooked, though she could whip up a mean Celeste frozen pizza in the microwave, her agile fingers dancing across the numerical keypad in the vein of Nureyev at Lincoln Center. No, in the Bolitar household, the kitchen was more a gathering place -- a Family Room Lite, if you will -- than anything related to even the basest of the culinary arts. The round table held magazines and catalogs and congealing white boxes of Chinese takeout. The stovetop saw less action than a Merchant-Ivory production. The oven was a prop, strictly for show, like a politician's Bible.Something was definitely amiss.They were sitting in the living room with the dated pseudo-leather white modular couch and aqua-tinged rug whose shagginess reminded Myron of a toilet-seat cover. Grown-up Greg Brady. Myron kept stealing glances out the picture window at the For Sale sign in the front yard as though it were a spaceship that had just landed and something sinister was about to step out.Where's Dad?Mom gave a weary wave toward the door. He's in the basement.In my room?Your old room, yes. You moved out, remember?He did -- at the tender age of thirty-four no less. Childcare experts would salivate and tsk-tsk over that one -- the prodigal son choosing to remain in his split-level cocoon long after the deemed appropriate deadline for the butterfly to break free. But Myron might argue the opposite. He might bring up the fact that for generations and in most cultures, offspring lived in the familial home until a ripe old age, that adopting such a philosophy could indeed be a societal boom, helping people stay rooted to something tangible in this era of the disintegrating nuclear family. Or, if that rationale didn't float your boat, Myron could try another. He had a million.But the truth of the matter was far simpler: He liked hanging out in the burbs with Mom and Dad -- even if confessing such a sentiment was about as hip as an Air Supply eight track.So what's going on? he asked.Your father doesn't know you're here yet, she said. He thinks you're not coming for another hour.Myron nodded, puzzled. What's he doing in the basement?He bought a computer. Your father plays with it down there.Dad?My point exactly. The man can't change a lightbulb without a manual -- all of a sudden he's Bill Gates. Always on the nest.The Net, Myron corrected.The what?It's called the Net, Mom.I thought it was nest. The bird's nest or something.No, it's Net.Are you sure? I know there's a bird in there somewhere.The Web maybe, Myron tried. Like with a spider.She snapped her fingers. That's it. Anyway your father is on there all the time, weaving the Web or whatever. He chats with people, Myron. That's what he tells me. He chats with complete strangers. Like he used to do with the CB radio, remember?Myron remembered. Circa 1976. Jewish Dads in the suburbs checking for smokeys on the way to the delicatessen. Mighty convoy of Cadillac Sevilles. Ten-four, good buddy.And that's not all, she went on. He's typing his memoirs. A man who can't scribble down a grocery list without consulting Strunk and White suddenly thinks he's an ex-president.They were selling the house. Myron still could not believe it. His eyes wandered about the overly familiar surroundings, his gaze getting snagged on the photographs running up the stairwell. He saw his family mature via fashion -- the skirts and sideburns lengthening and shortening, the quasi-hippie fringes and suede and tie-dyes, the leisure suits and bell-bottoms, the frilly tuxedos that would be too tacky for a Vegas casino -- the years flying by frame by frame like one of those depressing life insurance commercials. He spotted the poses from his basketball days -- a sixth-grade suburban-league foul shot, an eighth-grade drive to the hoop, a high school slam dunk -- the row ending with Sports Illustrated cover shots, two from his days at Duke and one with his leg in a cast and a large-fonted IS HE FINISHED? emblazoned across his knee-cast image (the answer in the mind's eye being an equally large-fonted YES!).So what's wrong? he asked.I didn't say anything was wrong.Myron shook his head, disappointed. And you a lawyer.Setting a bad example?It's no wonder I never ran for higher office.She folded her hands on her lap. We need to chat.Myron didn't like the tone.But not here, she added. Let's take a walk around the block.Myron nodded and they rose. Before they reached the door, his cell phone rang. Myron snatched it up with a speed that would have made Wyatt Earp step back. He put the phone to his ear and cleared his throat.MB SportsReps, he said, silky-smooth, professional-like. This is Myron Bolitar speaking.Nice phone voice, Esperanza said. You sound like Billy Dee ordering two Colt 45s.Esperanza Diaz was his longtime assistant and now sports-agent partner at MB SportsReps (M for Myron, the B for Bolitar -- for those keeping score).I was hoping you were Lamar, he said.He hasn't called yet?Nope.He could almost see Esperanza frown. We're in deep doo-doo here, she said.We're not in deep doo-doo. We're just sucking a little wind, that's all.Sucking a little wind, Esperanza repeated. Like Pavarotti running the Boston Marathon.Good one, Myron said.Thanks.Lamar Richardson was a power-hitting Golden Glove shortstop who'd just become a free agent -- free agent being a phrase agents whisper in the same way a mufti might whisper Praise Allah. Lamar was shopping for new representation and had whittled his final list down to three agencies: two supersized conglomerates with enough office space to house a Price Club and the aforementioned pimple-on-the-buttocks but oh-so-personal MB SportsReps. Go, pimple-butt!Myron watched his mother standing by the door. He switched ears and said, Anything else?You'll never guess who called, Esperanza said.Elle and Claudia demanding another menage a trois?Oooo, close.She would never just tell him. With his friends, everything was a TV game show. How about a hint? he said.One of your ex-lovers.He felt a jolt. Jessica.Esperanza made a buzzing noise. Sorry, wrong bitch.Myron was puzzled. He'd only had two long-term relationships in his life: Jessica on and off for the past thirteen years (now very off). And before that, well, you'd have to go back to...Emily Downing?Esperanza made a ding-ding noise.A sudden image pierced his heart like a straight-blade. He saw Emily sitting on that threadbare couch in the frat basement, smiling that smile at him, her legs bent and tucked under her, wearing his high school varsity jacket that was several sizes too big, her gesturing hands slipping down and disappearing into the sleeves.His mouth went dry. What did she want?Don't know. But she said that she simply had to talk to you. She's very breathy, you know. Like everything she says is a double entendre.With Emily, everything was.She good in the sack? Esperanza asked.Being an overly attractive bisexual, Esperanza viewed everyone as a potential sex partner. Myron wondered what that must be like, to have and thus weigh so many options, and then he decided to leave that road untraveled. Wise man.What did Emily say exactly? Myron said.Nothing specific. She j...	The comedic adventures of sports agent Myron Bolitar take a dark turn in the seventh book in his series when Bolitar and friends face a case of a dying child and a serial kidnapper. Myron's old college sweetheart has just told Myron that he is the father of her 13-year-old son, now dying of Fanconi anemia. Only a bone marrow transplant can save the boy, and the only donor has mysteriously disappeared. Jonathan Marosz manages an array of characters-- both good and evil--with richness of vocal tones and color, while giving the third-person narrator a journalistic, almost distant voice. The whole thing works magnificently as Myron takes on the issues of fathers, sons, masculinity, and violence. Marosz's reading shows the humor, the depth, and the vivid storytelling skills of the author.  S.E.S.  AudioFile 2001, Portland, Maine-- Copyright  AudioFile, Portland, Maine	      --This text refers to the 							Audio Cassette	 edition.
In Debt We Trust (2007) /SEP/ In Debt We Trust (2007). Just a few decades ago, owing more money than you had in your  bank account was the exception, not the rule.  Yet, in the last 10 years,  consumer debt has doubled and, for the first time, Americans are spending  more than they're saving -- or making.  This April, award-winning former  ABC News and CNN producer Danny Schechter investigates America's mounting  debt crisis in his latest hard-hitting expose, IN DEBT WE TRUST.   While many Americans are "maxing out" on credit cards, there is a  much deeper story: power is shifting into fewer hands...with frightening  consequences.  IN DEBT WE TRUST reveals a hitherto unknown cabal of credit  card companies, lobbyists, media conglomerates and the Bush administration  itself, which has colluded to deregulate the lending industry, ensuring  that a culture of credit dependency can flourish.  In the film, Schechter  exposes the mechanisms and machinations behind the hidden financial and  political complex that allows even the lowest wage earners to indebt  themselves so heavily that house repossessions have become commonplace.   One expert in the film goes so far as to dub this "21st-century serfdom."   Inspired by scholar Robert Manning - one of the films' key  advisers' - and his seminal book "Credit Card Nation", IN DEBT WE TRUST  showcases his insights about the impact of debt on young people and our  society.  It also suggests the kinds of practical efforts needed to empower  the public with information to avoid the traps of debt dependency.   The whole world depends on the economic stability of the United  States.  Yet, as its national and consumer debt escalates, our  interconnected global economy is at incredible risk.  IN DEBT WE TRUST, as  timely and relevant as a film can be, delivers an urgent warning that can't  be ignored.
Craftsman 9-34740 32 Piece 1/4-3/8 Drive Standard/Metric Socket Wrench Set /SEP/ Craftsman 9-34740 32 Piece 1/4-3/8 Drive Standard/Metric Socket Wrench Set. Craftsman 9-34740 32 Pc. 1/4-3/8 Drive Standard/Metric Socket Wrench Set. The Craftsman 9-34740 32 Pc. 1/4-3/8 Drive Standard/Metric Socket Wrench Set includes 1/4 Inch Drive Sockets; 8 Six-Point Standard Sockets:9-43492 7/32-Inch, 9-43496 11/32,9-43493 1/4-Inch, 9-43497 3/8-Inch, 9-43494 9/32-Inch, 9-43498 7/16-Inch,9-43495 5/16-Inch, 9-43499 1/2-Inch; 7 Six-Point Metric Sockets:9-43505 4mm, 9-43504 8mm, 9-43501 5mm, 9-43507 9mm,9-43502 6mm, 9-43508 10mm, 9-43503 7mm.	High visibility, high contrast, easy to read sockets that resist fading, chipping, and corroding.  Includes:  1/4" Inch Drive Sockets		    (8) Six-point standard sockets: 7/32", 1/4", 9/32", 5/16", 11/32", 3/8", 7/16", 1/2"	    (7) Six-point metric sockets: 4mm, 5mm, 6mm, 7mm, 8mm, 9mm, 10mm		3/8" Drive Sockets		    (7) Six-point standard sockets: 3/8", 7/16", 1/2", 5/8", 11/16", 3/4", 9/16"	    (6) Six-point metric sockets: 10mm, 11mm, 12mm, 13mm, 14mm, 15mm	    (1) Spark plug socket: 5/8"		3/8" Drive Tools		    (1) QR teardrop ratchet.	    (1) 3" extension bar.	    (1) 3/8" M - 1/4" F adapter.
2013 Hammer Nutrition Complex Carbohydrate Energy Gel - 12-Pack /SEP/ 2013 Hammer Nutrition Complex Carbohydrate Energy Gel - 12-Pack. Hammer Nutrition made the Complex Carbohydrate Energy Gel with natural ingredients and real fruit, so you won't have those unhealthy insulin-spike sugar highs. Instead, you get prolonged energy levels from the complex carbohydrates and amino acids in this Hammer Gel. The syrup-like consistency makes it easy to drink straight or add to your water. Unlike nutrition bars that freeze on your winter treks or melt during hot adventure races, the Complex Carbohydrate Gel is easy to eat when you're on the go in any temperature. Choose a 12 pack of banana, espresso, orange, or tropical flavors?or just try them all.
ProLine Rubber Microphone Clip /SEP/ ProLine Rubber Microphone Clip. Rubber mic swivel retainer holds your microphone securely. 5/8" female threaded insert in base. Black.
The Last Samurai (2003) /SEP/ The Last Samurai (2003). While Japan undergoes tumultuous transition to a more Westernized society in 1876-77, The Last Samurai gives epic sweep to an intimate story of cultures at a crossroads. In America, tormented Civil War veteran Capt. Nathan Algren (Tom Cruise) is coerced by a mercenary officer (Tony Goldwyn) to train the Japanese Emperor's troops in the use of modern weaponry. Opposing this "progress" is a rebellion of samurai warriors, holding fast to their traditions of honor despite strategic disadvantage. As a captive of the samurai leader (Ken Watanabe), Algren learns, appreciates, and adopts the samurai code, switching sides for a climactic battle that will put everyone's honor to the ultimate test. All of which makes director Edward Zwick's noble epic eminently worthwhile, even if its Hollywood trappings (including an all-too-conventional ending) prevent it from being the masterpiece that Zwick and screenwriter John Logan clearly wanted it to be. Instead, The Last Samurai is an elegant mainstream adventure, impressive in all aspects of its production. It may not engage the emotions as effectively as Logan's script for Gladiator, but like Cruise's character, it finds its own quality of honor. --Jeff Shannon
Jailed for Freedom: American Women Win the Vote /SEP/ Jailed for Freedom: American Women Win the Vote. American women fought hard, and many paid dearly, to win the right to vote. Stevens saw action in the front lines of the battle and was one of the dozens of women imprisoned for picketing the White House. First published in 1920, this long-out-of-print book offers Stevens's firsthand account of the women who endured the indifference of Congress and President Woodrow Wilson, the abuse by the press and the police, beatings at the hands of mobs and forced feedings in foul workhouses to force passage of the 19th Amendment. Although Jailed for Freedom was conceived as a history of the National Woman's Party (NWP), O'Hare has edited out the "minute detail of legislative politics, author bias, and verbiage," leaving a vivid partisan account that clearly conveys the excitement of both battle and victory. Photos not seen by PW. Copyright 1995 Reed Business Information, Inc.	YA?Originally written as a history of the National Woman's Party, this revision of the 1920 edition makes its timely appearance in the year we celebrate the 75th anniversary of the ratification of the 19th amendment. O'Hare has edited Stevens's lively, first-person account for flow and continuity, but attempted to retain the integrity of the original in tone and content. A lengthy introduction by Edith Mayo gives a capsule history of the women's suffrage movement and describes the strategies and personalities of the leaders. The narrative opens on the day before Woodrow Wilson's inauguration?March 13, 1913. Through descriptions of struggles and setbacks, Stevens shows her group's remarkable resilience in the face of adversity. Black-and-white photos appear throughout. A readable primary source.?Patricia Q. Noonan, Prince William Public Library, Manassas, VACopyright 1995 Reed Business Information, Inc.	Originally published in 1920, this work chronicles the final crucial struggle that gained women the right to vote. Led by Alice Paul and the National Woman's Party, the militants, including the author, endured prison, vicious attacks by men, and hunger strikes to make history.Copyright 1995 Reed Business Information, Inc.
Amazon.com: Italian Lambskin Leather Driving Gloves Size 12 Color BRN By Fratelli Orsini (CD3020): Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Italian Lambskin Leather Driving Gloves Size 12 Color BRN By Fratelli Orsini (CD3020): Clothing. These beautiful unlined men's gloves are what come to mind when we think of classic driving gloves. Leather from the finest Italian lambskin is soft and elegant, allowing great flexibility and an exceptional grip on the wheel. Distinct knuckle holes and a snap closure on the back add essential style, while vent holes on both sides will keep your hands cool and dry. The artisans at Fratelli Orsini in Italy have included extraordinary details throughout, so these men's driving gloves offer a beautiful fit at an excellent price. Made in Italy by Fratelli Orsini. SIZING HINT: These gloves run true to size for a snug but not overly tight fit.
Handel: Messiah / Athalia / Esther / La Resurrezione /SEP/ Handel: Messiah / Athalia / Esther / La Resurrezione. Led by Christopher Hogwood, the Academy of Ancient Music has made many renowned recordings of Handel's music-particularly the oratorios. The beloved Messiah heads up this 8-CD set, followed by Esther; La Resurezzione , and, making its return to the international catalog after an absence of several years, the 1985 recording of Athalia -with none other than Joan Sutherland in the title role! Recorded in London, 1979-85.
Amazon.com: Playtex Women's Cross Your Heart Lightly Lined Seamless Soft Cup Bra #655: Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Playtex Women's Cross Your Heart Lightly Lined Seamless Soft Cup Bra #655: Clothing. Style #655.  Our best selling Cross Your Heart bra!  Famous cross your heart frame lifts and separates for more natural curves under clothes.	Classic; clean lines combine with a smooth; seamless design to make this bra perfect for every day. Seamless cups with feather-light lining give you a smooth; no-show-through look. Convenient front-adjustable straps stretch for A-C cups and add extra support for D sizes with a non-stretch material. Stretch sides and back hug your body for a great fit and comfort all day long.
The Book of Management Wisdom: Classic Writings by Legendary Managers /SEP/ The Book of Management Wisdom: Classic Writings by Legendary Managers. "This book is not only worth reading but for referring to time and time again for enduring truths which transcend the turbulence of the business landscape."--(Warren Bennis, Distinguished Professor of Business Administration, USC Co-author, Co-Leaders)	Michael Eisner, Jack Welch, Henry Ford, Andrew Carnegie-imagine that you could consult at will with the world's greatest business managers, past and present, whenever you were faced with a crucial management decision. The Book of Management Wisdom lets you do just that. This unique resource offers insight into how these and scores of other legendary business managers have triumphed over the conflicts, challenges, and dilemmas that come with the territory. Never before have the deepest insights of such a large and diverse group of brilliant managers been collected into a single informative and inspiring volume. The Book of Management Wisdom brings together the essays and speeches of more than fifty of the most successful business managers of all time and presents their ideas, tips, and management secrets in their own words. Drawing on their personal experiences, these world-class managers offer a range of practical advice, case studies, humorous anecdotes, and management philosophy. You'll hear from Sam Walton on creating a corporate culture, Lee Iacocca on his famous skip meetings, and Michael Dell on his "campaign of internal evangelism." Klaus Luft details what American CEOs can learn from German management; Harold Geneen describes the essential qualities of great managers; and Thomas Watson weighs in on what growth and change have taught us. These are just a few of the major figures who reveal fascinating details of their characters and personalities as they educate, enlighten, and entertain you with their often surprising views on the most compelling issues faced by managers in every corner of the business world. For easy reference, these essays and speeches are organized into eight categories, each of which highlights a certain set of management tools and techniques and how to use them. These include essential qualities of great managers; productivity, empowerment, and conflict management; hiring, firing, and day-to-day management; the power of technology; lessons from around the world; evolution of the organization; bashing bureaucracy; and reengineering and transformation. Each essay is preceded by a brief introduction that places it in historical perspective and offers interesting and insightful information about the author's life and career. Highlighted passages call your attention to each author's most pithy, profound, or quirky ideas. Offering timeless wisdom and practical advice from the most successful business managers ever, The Book of Management Wisdom is must reading for managers at every level, from the junior executive cubicle to the presidential suite.	Michael Eisner, Jack Welch, Henry Ford, Andrew Carnegie- imagine that you could consult at will with the world's greatest business managers, past and present, whenever you were faced with a crucial management decision. The Book of Management Wisdom lets you do just that. This unique resource offers insight into how these and scores of other legendary business managers have triumphed over the conflicts, challenges, and dilemmas that come with the territory. Never before have the deepest insights of such a large and diverse group of brilliant managers been collected into a single informative and inspiring volume.The Book of Management Wisdom brings together the essays and speeches of more than fifty of the most successful business managers of all time and presents their ideas, tips, and management secrets in their own words. Drawing on their personal experiences, these world-class managers offer a range of practical advice, case studies, humorous anecdotes, and management philosophy. You'll hear from Sam Walton on creating a corporate culture, Lee Iacocca on his famous skip meetings, and Michael Dell on his "campaign of internal evangelism." Klaus Luft details what American CEOs can learn from German management; Harold Geneen describes the essential qualities of great managers; and Thomas Watson weighs in on what growth and change have taught us. These are just a few of the major figures who reveal fascinating details of their characters and personalities as they educate, enlighten, and entertain you with their often surprising views on the most compelling issues faced by managers in every corner of the business world.For easy reference, these essays and speeches are organized into eight categories, each of which highlights a certain set of management tools and techniques and how to use them. These include essential qualities of great managers; productivity, empowerment, and conflict management; hiring, firing, and day-to-day management; the power of technology; lessons from around the world; evolution of the organization; bashing bureaucracy; and reengineering and transformation. Each essay is preceded by a brief introduction that places it in historical perspective and offers interesting and insightful information about the author's life and career. Highlighted passages call your attention to each author's most pithy, profound, or quirky ideas.Offering timeless wisdom and practical advice from the most successful business managers ever, The Book of Management Wisdom is must reading for managers at every level, from the junior executive cubicle to the presidential suite.Praise for The Book of Management Wisdom"This book is worth referring to time and again for enduring truths that transcend the turbulence of the business landscape." -Warren Bennis, Distinguished Professor of Business Administration, University of Southern California,and coauthor, Co-Leaders: The Power of Great PartnershipsPearls from The Book of Management Wisdom"Dealing with conflicts lies at the heart of managing any business. As a result, confrontation facing issues about which there is disagreement can be avoided only at the manager's peril."-Andrew S. Grove"Never hire your friends. I have made this mistake three times and had to fire all three. They are no longer my friends."-David Ogilvy"It's absolutely essential to let your people express themselves. And that means letting them make mistakes. You've got to allow them to walk into your office and say, 'Boss, I blew it.' That's called growing."-Lee Iacocca"For us, the issue wasn't whether people would waste time on the Internet, but whether they would use the Internet enough. Not to become completely familiar with a transformative business tool like the Internet is just foolish-especially when it's an integral part of your company's strategy and competitive advantage."- Michael Dell"A society which values MBAs, lawyers, and financial wizards over engineers and product planners is moving in the wrong direction."-Akio Morita	PETER KRASS, a freelance writer and editor who lives in New Hampshire, is the editor of all five volumes in Wiley's Wisdom Series. Other titles in the series include The Book of Business Wisdom: Classic Writings by the Legends of Commerce and Industry; The Book of Leadership Wisdom: Classic Writings by Legendary Business Leaders; The Book of Investing Wisdom: Classic Writings by Great Stock-Pickers and Legends of Wall Street; and The Book of Entrepreneurs' Wisdom: Classic Writings by Legendary Entrepreneurs. He has contributed extensively to Investor's Business Daily.
Shrek - The Story So Far (Shrek 1 & 2 Full Screen / Shrek 3D - Party in the Swamp) (2001) /SEP/ Shrek - The Story So Far (Shrek 1 & 2 Full Screen / Shrek 3D - Party in the Swamp) (2001). SHREK: THE STORY SO FAR (4-Disc DVD Collection) is perfect for Shrek fans and gift givers! This super Shrek set gives consumers all of the Shrek movies in one place plus even more of what they love about Shrek with an extra bonus features DVD! It includes the following: "Shrek" (single disc full-frame), "Shrek 3-D" including a collectible lenticular and four sets of 3-D glasses, "Shrek 2" (full frame) and a special bonus disc featuring entertaining exclusives not available in the Shrek 2 DVD/VHS (features subject to change)! There's nearly an hour of entertainment on this disc alone including: Puss In Boots Music Video, Learn How to Burp with Shrek and Fiona, A Making-Of Featurette, "Shrek 2" Around the World, Learn To Draw Shrek, Donkey and Puss In Boots.
Equus 8244 Oil Pressure Gauge - Black /SEP/ Equus 8244 Oil Pressure Gauge - Black. This black oil pressure gauge is engineered to provide extremely accurate readings under harsh conditions and measures the pressure of oil circulating through the engine. This oil pressure gauge has a 90 degree sweep, 0-100 PSI range, and has a backlit dial face with Boudon tube meter movement. Air core movements and simple three wire installation are also included. This gauge is easy to hook-up and mount in your car and gives an advanced warning of incorrect oil pressure, low oil level, defective oil pump, restricted oil lines, clogged oil filter, and low oil level.
Too Much Flesh and Jabez /SEP/ Too Much Flesh and Jabez. "Dowell writes with a superb power of constant implicationalways   careful, always energetic, always suggestive."  -- Thom Gunn, Times Literary  Supplement"Dowell's achievement is to keep such a plot on the right side of   pornographic farce and construct an intelligent and highly-charged erotic   tale that is near impossible to put down."  -- Gay Times 4-95"The South, having produced writers like Faulkner and Flannery   O'Conner, has always been the most fertile source of American romance.   Coleman Dowell is very comfortably a part of this tradition."  -- Washington  Post Book World"This novel is a meticulously and subtly composed tour de force   on the imagination."  -- Gilbert Sorrentino, New York Times Book Review  1-1-78"This story has a beautiful simplicity, like a film in sepia that   passes like a dream. . . . What's really proposed in Dowell's   gender-shifting, acrostic narrative devices is an omnisexual,   self-consuming modern consciousness."  -- Gary Indiana, Voice Literary  Supplement 6-93
Spur Gear, 20 Degree Pressure Angle, Polyoxymethylene, Inch, 20 Pitch, 2.000&#034; Pitch Diameter, 0.312&#034; Bore, 2.000&#034; OD, 40 Teeth /SEP/ Spur Gear, 20 Degree Pressure Angle, Polyoxymethylene, Inch, 20 Pitch, 2.000&#034; Pitch Diameter, 0.312&#034; Bore, 2.000&#034; OD, 40 Teeth. This polyoxymethylene spur gear with 20-degree pressure angle (PA) and a diametral pitch (DP) of 20 transmits torque between parallel shafts to provide rotational power to another part of a motorized system. It has a 20-degree pressure angle for lower contact ratio between gears, resulting in higher load capacity than smaller pressure angles, and a 20-diametral pitch for applications requiring a balance between transferring torque and controlling changes in speed and direction of rotation with precision. This spur gear, which can mesh only with spur gears that have the same pressure angle and diametral pitch, is made of polyoxymethylene for quiet operation, low friction and moisture absorption, and high resistance to heat and abrasion. This SmallParts spur gear is suitable for use in a variety of commercial and industrial applications, such as construction equipment, aeronautics, conveyors, and manufacturing equipment, among others.Spur gears, the most common gear type, have a circular or cylindrical shape with teeth bordering the outer perimeter and are used for transmitting rotational torque and motion between parallel rotating shafts. A spur gear's pressure angle (PA), diametral pitch (also called DP or pitch), and its material are important factors to consider when purchasing. Gears come in several types for use in different power transmission configurations and for different applications, including bevel and miter gears (for rotating shafts perpendicular to each other), change gears (to increase or decrease torque and speed), helical gears (for high rates of rotational speed), internal gears (where one gear is nested inside the other), rack and pinion gears (for turning rotational motion into linear motion), and worm gears (for perpendicular shafts in tight spaces and quiet operation). Gears are suitable for use in the agriculture, automotive, construction, mining, and packaging industries, and can be found in a variety of machines, including bicycles, automobiles, and elevators, among others.
Night of Many Dreams: A Novel /SEP/ Night of Many Dreams: A Novel. A work of historical fiction, Tsukiyama's (Samurai's Garden, LJ 2/15/95) latest novel contains several strong female characters. Set during the onset of the Japanese occupation of Hong Kong in 1940, it first introduces readers to sisters Joan and Emma Lew, ages 14 and nine. The girls, with their servant Foon and their mother's first cousin, Auntie Go, all live "privileged" lives together in Hong Kong until they decide to flee from the imposing Japanese and emigrate to Macao, leaving their father behind to watch the family home. At the war's end, the family returns to Hong Kong with the intention of rebuilding and reclaiming their lives. Culminating in the year 1965, this novel follows its characters through 15 years of growth, maturity, and self-discovery. The ending is a bit rushed, leaving the sisters' characters slightly underdeveloped (and perhaps allowing room for a sequel?). But because Tsukiyama writes with great sensory detail, allowing her reader to touch, taste, and feel the world she creates, the work does remain a satisfying read. Recommended for Asian American and larger fiction collections.?Shirley N. Quan, Orange Cty. P.L., Fountain Valley, Cal.Copyright 1998 Reed Business Information, Inc.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	In a story where the omniscient narrator moves the point of view among the family participants, and where time may shift years between chapters or linger over moments slow and sweet as honey, we view the world of Emma Lew of Hong Kong and, later, San Francisco; her older sister Joan; and their family from 1940 to 1965. The changing mores of Hong Kong society are the backdrop for the tender relationships among Emma, who longs for a wider world than her mother's ladies' lunches; Joan, who finds her place in the movies that have fed her dreams since childhood; Auntie Go, who pulls deeply against tradition by running her own business; and silent servant Foon, whose cooking forges a near-mystical familial bond. Particularly fine at evoking how scent and aroma can jog the memory and clutch at the heart, the tale grows in richness as it proceeds, a paean to the sustaining pleasures of family.  GraceAnne A. DeCandido	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	"Delicately fashioned . . . Evocative." --The New York Times Book Review"Tsukiyama tells a quietly powerful and understated story of women finding their way in the world, and the strength they derive from family ties." --San Francisco Chronicle"Grows in richness as it proceeds, a paean to the sustaining pleasures of family." --Booklist"Tsukiyama writes with great sensory detail, allowing her reader to touch, taste, and feel the world she creates." --Library Journal"With unexpected poignancy . . . Tsukiyama skillfully demonstrates how the strength of family bonds can provide spiritual sustenance." --Publishers Weekly	Praise for Night of Many Dreams: "Delicately fashioned....Evocative."  --The New York Times Book Review "Tsukiyama tells a quietly powerful and understated story of women finding their way in the world, and the strength they derive from family ties." --San Francisco Chronicle "Grows in richness as it proceeds, a paean to the sustaining pleasures of family."  --Booklist "Tsukiyama writes with great sensory detail, allowing her reader to touch, taste, and feel the world she creates."  --Library Journal "With unexpected poignancy...Tsukiyama skillfully demonstrates how the strength of family bonds can provide spiritual sustenance."  --Publishers Weekly	Born to a Chinese mother and a Japanese father in San Francisco, Gail Tsukiyama's novels include Dreaming Water, Women of the Silk, The Language of Threads, and The Samurai's Garden. She lives in El Cerrito, California.
California Baby Moisturizing Cream - Calming, 4 oz (Pack of 2) /SEP/ California Baby Moisturizing Cream - Calming, 4 oz (Pack of 2). 4 oz / 120 grams jar with twist cap. Safe for newborns and older. Use on face and body. Scented with our special Calming aromatherapy blend that includes French lavender. The whole family will delight in California Baby's rich and creamy non-comedogenic moisturizer; it offers deep hydration, absorbs completely, and leaves skin feeling satiny smooth. Use daily for everyday protection and especially when the air is dry and baby's skin needs relief. Our customers have reported excellent results with this cream in their fight against eczema, perioral dermatitis, and other skin sensitivities. For best results, we suggest that you try this cream and/or California Baby Calendula Cream in combination with any of our Shampoos & Bodywashes. Also add California Baby "Soothing & Healing" Spray, and any of our non-chemical sunscreens to your skin care regime. No nut oils, gluten, soy, oat or dairy. Made in the U.S.A.
Dashboard Doll - Hula Girl with Ukulele /SEP/ Dashboard Doll - Hula Girl with Ukulele. Pretty Leilani Hula Girl measuring 7 inches tall
Memoirs of General William Tecumseh Sherman (Penguin Classics) /SEP/ Memoirs of General William Tecumseh Sherman (Penguin Classics). Michael Fellman is Professor of History at Simon Fraser University and author of Citizen Sherman: A Life of William Tecumseh Sherman.
Studio Sessions /SEP/ Studio Sessions. 2 CD import
Sarah Plain and Tall (1990) /SEP/ Sarah Plain and Tall (1990). The original 1990 release that started the series. Includes "The Making of Sarah Tall and Plain".
Murder She Wrote /SEP/ Murder She Wrote. 'Murder She Wrote' is a low-price anthology from a unique Reggae act who successfully struck a chord with mainstream Pop fans in the 90's. The album features their top singles plus a cover of Funkadelic's 'One Nation Under A Groove'.
The Doors: Mr. Mojo Risin': The Story of L.A. Woman [Blu-Ray] (2011) /SEP/ The Doors: Mr. Mojo Risin': The Story of L.A. Woman [Blu-Ray] (2011). "Mr. Mojo Risin': The Story of L.A. Woman'" is the story of the making of the Doors' last album with Jim Morrison "L.A. Woman". 2011 is the 40th anniversary of the album's release and this program goes into detail of how the album came about, its recording and what was happening to the band at the time. The story is told through new interviews with the three surviving Doors: Ray Manzarek, Robbie Krieger and John Densmore plus contributions from Jac Holzman, founder of their label Elektra Records, Bill Siddons, who was their manager, Bruce Botnick, engineer and co-producer of the album and others associated with the Doors at this time. The show includes archive footage of the Doors performing both live and in the studio, classic photographs and new musical demonstrations from the Doors. Bonus Features: Additional interviews not featured in the broadcast version.
Inferno /SEP/ Inferno. Ori. Release '95, Fourth studio album from the Gothic Rock duo .
E-Z Red S101 Battery Hydrometer /SEP/ E-Z Red S101 Battery Hydrometer. The E-Z Red hydrometer battery tester is made to stand up to tough treatment in service stations and garages. It's designed so that both customer and technician can see the state of the battery acid. This battery tester is economical; your first cost is your only cost. There are no replacement parts, and it has rugged construction and unbeatable quality. There are no difficult float reading to be observed and no temperature tables required.
The Reveal (Becoming Beka Series, Book 4) /SEP/ The Reveal (Becoming Beka Series, Book 4). SARAH ANNE SUMPOLEC is a graduate of the University of Mary Washington  and holds both a Bachelor's degree in psychology and elementary teaching certification.   Her background in psychology allowed her to work both in an acute care inpatient  setting and a long-term residential treatment center, both of which helped to provide  her much insight and compassion towards those struggling to cope with a life that  is not always kind or fair. She continually researches and speaks on the hot topics  facing teens today.  Sarah is the author of the Becoming Beka series, has  written for a number of magazines such as Brio and Teens 4 Jesus,  and has appeared on Janet Parshall's America, The Tyra Banks Show,  and The 700 Club. Sarah lives in Fredericksburg, Virginia, with her husband,  Jeff, and their three daughters.
Refuge in Hell: How Berlin's Jewish Hospital Outlasted the Nazis /SEP/ Refuge in Hell: How Berlin's Jewish Hospital Outlasted the Nazis. Silver, a lawyer and former general counsel to the CIA, tells the astonishing story of Berlin's Jewish Hospital during WWII. For decades before the Nazis seized power in Germany, the hospital had served Berlin's Jews as their principal medical resource. At the war's end, it was still functioning, delivering what medical care it could and sheltering a large percentage of the city's few remaining Jews. Silver asks how a Jewish institution, located in the capital city of a regime dedicated above all to obliterating the Jews, could possibly have survived. To answer this question, Silver has gathered the available documentary evidence and interviewed the handful of hospital staffers still alive. According to these sources, the institution's survival hinged on an amalgam of factors, including sheer, blind luck and bureaucratic infighting among Nazi organizations. As Silver explains, the Nazis' bizarre system for classifying persons of partly Jewish ancestry played a role as well, since some hospital personnel with mixed ancestry were not treated with the same implacable hostility as full Jews were. Silver acknowledges where gaps in the evidence make certainty impossible, as in assessing Dr. Walter Lustig, the hospital's chief during the war years. Lustig may have been a betrayer and collaborator, as some staffers think, or he may have manipulated the system as best he could to save at least some Jews from destruction. The balanced analysis of Dr. Lustig's record typifies the author's careful use of evidence throughout this absorbing book. Copyright 2003 Reed Business Information, Inc.	When Soviet troops liberated the Jewish Hospital in Berlin in April 1945, they found 800 Jewish doctors, nurses, and patients that had survived there during World War II. The hospital's director was Dr. Walter Lustig, a German-born Jew, who had been baptized and married an Aryan woman. His ties to the notorious Adolf Eichmann were the reason that the hospital remained open. Lustig compiled lists of Jews--both staff members and patients--for deportation to concentration camps. He was later executed by the Soviets, purportedly for collaborating with the Nazis. Much of the book centers on the complex character of Lustig and whether he should be lauded for keeping many of the Jews alive or condemned for sending many of them to their deaths. Silver was able to locate and interview a number of survivors. He also relied on the work of scholars who had researched the history of the hospital. The result is a graphic account of a little-known episode in the Holocaust. George CohenCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved	"[A] fascinating footnote to Holocaust history that staggers the imagination . . . one that Silver captures with all due astonishment."  Kirkus Reviews, Starred	Silver, a lawyer and former general counsel to the CIA, tells the astonishing story of Berlin's Jewish Hospital during WWII. For decades before the Nazis seized power in Germany, the hospital had served Berlin's Jews as their principal medical resource. At the war's end, it was still functioning, delivering what medical care it could and sheltering a large percentage of the city's few remaining Jews. Silver asks how a Jewish institution, located in the capital city of a regime dedicated above all to obliterating the Jews, could possibly have survived. To answer this question, Silver has gathered the available documentary evidence and interviewed the handful of hospital staffers still alive. According to these sources, the institution's survival hinged on an amalgam of factors, including sheer, blind luck and bureaucratic infighting among Nazi organizations. As Silver explains, the Nazis' bizarre system for classifying persons of partly Jewish ancestry played a role as well, since some hospital personnel with mixed ancestry were not treated with the same implacable hostility as full Jews were. Silver acknowledges where gaps in the evidence make certainty impossible, as in assessing Dr. Walter Lustig, the hospital's chief during the war years. Lustig may have been a betrayer and collaborator, as some staffers think, or he may have manipulated the system as best he could to save at least some Jews from destruction. The balanced analysis of Dr. Lustig's record typifies the author's careful use of evidence throughout this absorbing book. Copyright 2003 Reed Business Information, Inc. (Publishers Weekly )When Soviet troops liberated the Jewish Hospital in Berlin in April 1945, they found 800 Jewish doctors, nurses, and patients that had survived there during World War II. The hospital's director was Dr. Walter Lustig, a German-born Jew, who had been baptized and married an Aryan woman. His ties to the notorious Adolf Eichmann were the reason that the hospital remained open. Lustig compiled lists of Jews--both staff members and patients--for deportation to concentration camps. He was later executed by the Soviets, purportedly for collaborating with the Nazis. Much of the book centers on the complex character of Lustig and whether he should be lauded for keeping many of the Jews alive or condemned for sending many of them to their deaths. Silver was able to locate and interview a number of survivors. He also relied on the work of scholars who had researched the history of the hospital. The result is a graphic account of a little-known episode in the Holocaust. George CohenCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved (Booklist )A great deal has been written, filmed and imagined about the Holocaust over the past six decades. And yet Silver's narrative loses none of its poignancy...One physician's actions are depicted in all their fascinating complexity: whether Nazi collaborator or protector of his people, it is not easy to decide...Meticulously documented, the facts seem almost incredible. No more incredible, however, than the author's gripping account of the persecution itself.F. Gonzalez-Crussi (The Washington Post )	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Dan Silver has a law degree and a PhD in cultural anthropology from Harvard, and has been General Counsel of the National Security Agency and from 1979 - 1981 General Counsel of the CIA. He is an active member in Washington DC's largest conservative Jewish congregation and lives in Chevy Chase, MD.	Preface The Story Behind the StoryIn August 1945, Ernie Mayerfeld, a nineteen-year-old GI stationed in Berlin,  received a letter from his father in New York asking him to undertake a  mission for a family friend.   Until 1938 the elder Mayerfeld had been a prosperous leather  distributor in Frankfurt. Even as the Nazi persecution mounted in Germany, it  had seemed inconceivable to Herr Mayerfeld that the familys comfortable life  would be disrupted permanently. After all, the familys roots in Germany and  Austria went back hundreds of years. (The residence of one ancestor, the  Baron Eskeles, whose wife was a patroness of Mozart, today serves as the  home of Viennas Jewish Museum.) And after the Nazis took power in 1933,  he still could not foresee the worst. Had he not received a medal for his  service at the front in World War I, accompanied by a letter of thanks signed  by Der Fhrer himself ? Not even the 1938 Kristallnacht pogrom, in which  Herr Mayerfeld narrowly escaped arrest, had convinced him to emigrate. Only  in the ensuing months when his suppliers would no longer sell him the  merchandise needed for his business was he finally persuaded to flee.   And so, virtually at the last possible moment and aided by a large  dose of good luck, the Mayerfelds escaped and eventually made their way to  New York, where fourteen-year-old Ernst turned himself into Ernie, an  American teenager. Five years later, after fighting in the Battle of the Bulge,  he returned to the country of his birth as one of the occupying U.S. troops.   His fathers request was one of many that Ernie had received  asking him to look for surviving relatives of German Jewish migrs in the  United States. Frequently, the searches were unavailing. But in this case,  Herr Mayerfelds friend was certain that his sister, Johanna Frank, had  survived the war as a nurse in the Berlin Jewish Hospital. He sent a package  of foodstuffs to be delivered to her.   And so one day Ernie made his way through the rubble and  devastation of occupied Berlin to 2 Iranischestrasse in the Wedding district.  There he found a spacious compound of seven buildings set in a large  garden. Carved in stone over the main entrance on Iranischestrasse, in the  pediment of the administration building, was the name Krankenhaus der  Jdischen Gemeinde, or Hospital of the Jewish Community. Johanna Frank  was indeed there, attending to her nursing duties.   The buildings were all still standing, Ernie  remembered, although some of them had taken hits in the bombing. Inside,  though, it was unbelievable. Doctors in white coats and nurses in clean,  starched uniforms bustled through spotless corridors and rooms, attending to  their patients.    It was as if the twelve years of Nazi horror had never happened.  Astounded by what he found, Ernie asked Schwester Johanna and her  coworkers how it was possible that this hospital, full of Jews, had made it  through the Nazi period. All agreed that it was a miracle, but no one had a  coherent explanation to offer.   More than half a century passed, filled with marriage, family, and  a successful career as a CIA officer and later as a lawyer in the CIAs Office  of General Counsel. From time to time Ernie thought about his strange  experience at the Berlin Jewish Hospital and wondered about the story that  lay behind it, but he had no time to make inquiries.   At a dinner party in the late 1970s or early 1980s, about the same  time that Ernie and I became legal colleagues at the CIA and grew to be  close friends, I met Klaus Zwilsky, a charming and ebullient man, then in his  fifties, who spoke with a slight German accent. Over the years we continued  to see each other. One night over dinner, the talk turned to how it must feel  to live under the constant threat of bombing. I dont remember how the topic  arose; probably we were talking about Beirut or one of the worlds other  perennial hot spots.   Klaus listened for a while and then volunteered a comment,  describing his own emotions as a child in Berlin in 1944 and 1945, cowering  fearfully in the cellar while Allied bombers attacked the city.   But, Klaus, someone said. I dont understand. Youre Jewish;  your parents were both 100 percent Jewish. How could you have been living  in Berlin during the last years of the war?    My father worked at the Jewish hospital, Klaus explained, and  we all lived there. He said a few more words about his experience of the  Allied air raids, and the conversation moved on to other things.   In this way I too learned that a Jewish hospital in Berlin had  remained open throughout the entire Nazi era and that Jewish doctors,  nurses, administrators, and patients had survived there. The fact astonished  me. I thought I knew a goood deal about the Nazi persecution of German  Jews. I had read widely on the subject of the Holocaust. I was aware that a  handful of Jews haddddd survived in Germany, some in hiding, some protected  by marriage to non-Jews. But I also knew  or thought I knew  that the  Nazis had ruthlessly extirpated every trace of Jewish life in Germany. They  had destroyed the synagogues, desecrated the cemeteries, dissolved the  Jewish organizations, prohibited Jewish worship, driven two-thirds of  Germanys Jews into exile, and then deported all but a handful of those who  remained  the lucky ones to the ghetto established in Theresienstadt in  what had once been Czechoslovakia, and the rest to the death camps of  Eastern Europe. How, then, was it possible that a Jewish hospital operating  openly under the name Krankenhaus der Jdischen Gemeinde had continued  to exist in Berlin throughout the war? How was it that Klaus and his parents,  full Jews with no apparent form of protection, could have survived the war  living in that hospital?   The question kept recurring through the next two decades of a life  that, like Ernies, was too busy to permit further investigation. Klaus, who had  been only a child during the war years, was reticent about his experiences  and volunteered no further explanation. I could find nothing written on the  subject in English-language sources. Years went by, years during which from  time to time I would say to myself, Someday I need to find out about the  Jewish hospital, and then move on to whatever preoccupation was more  pressing.   Finally, the day came when circumstances made it possible for  me to begin serious research on the Berlin Jewish Hospital during the  wartime years. My immediate thought was to ask Ernie Mayerfeld if he would  be interested in joining me.   Did you know that there was a Jewish hospital in Berlin that  operated all the way through World War II? I asked.   His response took me by surprise. Everyone else to whom I  mentioned this fact reacted with astonishment. Ernie looked sheepish.   Not only do I know that, he said haltingly. I was there. He  proceeded to tell me the story of his 1945 visit.   We agreed that we would set out together to find out how and why  this hospital, alone among all of Germanys Jewish institutions, had survived  when everything else associated with German Jewry was being destroyed.  Our initial objective was to satisfy our own curiosity. As we found out more,  however, we agreed that we should write something that would bring this  astonishing story to the publics attention. Our determination to do so was  strengthened when we discovered that the only Internet reference we could  find was on a scurrilous neo-Nazi, Holocaust-denial Web site where the fact  that the Berlin Jewish Hospital operated throughout the war was adduced  as proof that the Nazi atrocities had never occurred.   Our research quickly revealed that the essential facts relating to  the Berlin Jewish Hospital were not unknown in the small circle of scholars  who have devoted themselves to the study of the German Jewish experience  during the Nazi era. Indeed, many facts pertaining to the hospitals survival  from 1938 through 1945 have been recorded in two German-language  publications  in a small monograph devoted to the 193845 period and in  portions of a larger history of the hospital. Both were the products of  extensive archival research and of interviews with war survivors. The findings  of the monograph were summarized in English in an article in a scholarly  journal, the Leo Baeck Institute Year Book. Passing references to the  hospital also could be found in other scholarly books on German Jewry  during the Nazi era. Thus we found that the task of preserving the record for  the scholarly community had largely been completed.   Nor had the existence of the hospital in the war period completely  escaped the attention even of authors who wrote for a more popular audience.  Fleeting references to it gave evidence that they knew it was there. For  example, in a fascinating book, The Last Jews in Berlin, Leonard Gross tells  the stories of several Jews who survived the final years of the Nazi period in  hiding in Berlin. A passing reference makes clear that he knew that the  hospital was in operation throughout this period, but nothing more is said  about the institution and the large number of Jews who were living there  openly.   None of the scholarly or passing accounts, we felt, satisfactorily  addressed two important questions. Again and again we asked  ourselves, How could this have happened? So, too, has almost everyone  who has encountered the simple fact of the hospitals survival. Another  question that the barest outline of the facts about the hospital urgently raises  is: What was it like to live and work in such circumstances? And so we set  out to do two things. First, we wanted to supplement the existing historical  record as much as possible, knowing that t...
A Year in the South: 1865: The True Story of Four Ordinary People Who Lived Through the Most Tumultuous Twelve Months in American History /SEP/ A Year in the South: 1865: The True Story of Four Ordinary People Who Lived Through the Most Tumultuous Twelve Months in American History. Stephen V. Ash is Professor of History at the University of Tennessee. He is the author of several books on the Civil War, including When the Yankees Came: Conflict and Chaos in the Occupied South. He lives with his wife in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Amateur Sugar Maker /SEP/ Amateur Sugar Maker. 5 x 7  trim. 21 illus. LC 91-50818	NOEL PERRIN has taught English at Dartmouth College since 1959, while learning and writing about the ways of rural New England from his home in Thetford Center, Vermont. Among his books are A Noel Perrin Sampler (1991), A Reader's Delight (1988), and First Person Rural (1978) and its three sequels.
Openly Bob /SEP/ Openly Bob. Bob Smith writes about topics that are standard elements of almost any actor-humorist's repertoire: family visits, early jobs, auditions for parts, and the ups and downs of romantic relationships. The major difference between Bob and most other comedians, however, is that he's openly and unashamedly gay.  Openly Bob is not, however, a collection of gay jokes. When Bob's sexuality is relevant to the joke, it comes up, as in his thoughts on how to abate right-wing fears about homosexuals using sex education in public schools as recruitment. Our educational system has proved, he writes, that if a subject is taught in a boring enough manner, Americans will make every effort to avoid it for the rest of their lives. If homosexuality was taught in the same manner as trigonometry, even most gay people would have no use for it after graduation. The rest of the time, however, Bob's gayness is not an issue, but simply a state of being. His jokes aren't funny because he's gay; his jokes are funny because they're funny. How did Tom and I come to realize that we needed couples counseling? he asks at one point. We had sex less frequently. Then we had sex less frequently than people in full-body casts. We stopped having sex. Finally, our relationship stopped other people, gay or straight, from wanting to have sex. Bob Smith's wit and intelligence, which garnered Openly Bob a 1998 Lambda Literary Award, will make him an equally appealing humorist to both gay and straight readers.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	The first openly gay comedian to appear on the Tonight Show, star of an HBO special, and member of the popular comedy troupe Funny Gay Males (with whom he co-wrote Growing Up Gay, Hyperion, 1995), Smith here assembles a collection of 13 humorous essays?autobiographical musings that range over topics of everyday life concentrating on the often banal, sometimes absurd family encounters to which everyone can relate. After opening with a Thanksgiving visit to his parents in Buffalo, he relates attendance at the wedding of his lover's nephew and closes with a recollection of going to his father's funeral. His sometimes biting observations on his family's dysfunctions are probably better delivered as part of a stand-up routine. By contrast, Smith's characterizations of fellow bird enthusiasts on an outing in Central Park are subtle and generous. While his homosexuality is a constant?and a constant source of humor?it is treated ultimately as just another quirk in one man's view of life. Well recommended wherever humor books circulate.?Eric Bryant, "Library Journal"Copyright 1997 Reed Business Information, Inc.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	"Engagingly tart. . .Hilarious and touching." -- Publishers Weekly "Makes its readers laugh out loud." -- San Francisco Bay Times "One of the most rewarding gay books of the year." -- Lamda Book Report"You'll laugh out loud." -- USA Today	Bob Smith is the author of Growing Up Gay, written with the Funny Gay Males, which was nominated for a Lambda Award. He tours extensively, performing across the country, and has written for numerous television shows, including Roseanne's, Saturday Night Special, and the MTV Video Awards. Smith is set to star in a new gay sketch-comedy series, coproduced by the CBC and Showtime, for which he will write and perform. Raised in Buffalo, New York, he now lives in Los Angeles with his boyfriend, Tom. You can E-mail Bob at bobscomedy@aol.com.
A Hip-Hop Story /SEP/ A Hip-Hop Story. M-One (Dead Prez) Timely and timeless. It's already a classic.	Heru Ptah is a Jamaican-born writer, poet, philosopher, and author of Love, God and Revolution. He lives in Brooklyn, New York. Visit his website at www.sunrason.com.	Chapter OneI ain't gotta spit'Cause ma fartsFlow better than you Smell better than youMa shit is just better than youI'm a skinny dudeBut dude don't be fooledI'll knock a fat fuckBack to Bellevue'Cause you must be crazy Comin' wit' that weak shitCough one line An' yo fat ass is outta breathThe words are sharp, pungent and cut through shells with a razor's edge. It takes a thick shell to bear it, to hear it, to stand still, all the while crafting an evermore denigrating comeback. As such this pudgy prodigy waited his turn, engulfed in the melee of his peers, pretending not to be fazed by his skinny opponent's stinging aspersions. Waiting for his retort, he meditated on his course of action and how to turn the affections of the ever-growing goading crowd to his favor. It was coming, he could feel it now, Skinny Man had come to the climax of his tirade; the beat was turning to his favor. No time to be tired, think fast, the beat is on me now, here I go...and then nothing. What the hell! Oh shit...I just went blank. Shit, niggas is looking at me. What the hell was I gonna say again? It was something about what he said. But what the fuck did he say? I don't remember. Shit, how the hell I don't remember what to say? If I don't say something, this kid's gon' eat me. I won't be able to open my mouth on the street again. C'mon, God, you can't let that shit happen. Think, think. What the hell was I gon' say? All right, I'll just keep sayin' "yeah yeah" until something comes to me. All right, that did it. Cats stop staring for a second. But I gotta have something by the next time the beat turns over. God, don't do this to me. Here comes the beat. I gotta say something, but what to say? "Yeah, yeah." Think, think...aahhhhhhhhh...there it goes. Nigga you fart 'Cause you all gasYou just garbageSo you talk trashBut I'm the trash collector, garbage disposerAn' I ain't overweightI'm heavyweight, motherfuckerDirty wit' mineHit below the belt lineGive you a uppercut to the cupHave you cough yo' balls upYou should know betterThan to battle the Brooklyn brawlerWhen I'm doneI'ma have yo' ass bawlin' fo' yo' momma.He felt his stride and rode the rhythm. The obligatory Oh Shits began to turn his way. He held nothing back, doing the dozens with precision. It all ate into Skinny Man. He was not as good at concealing his feelings as his robust counterpart. Seeing this, Fat Man edged in for the kill, close enough to kiss. He held the death blow upon his tongue...and unleashed it: along with an inadvertent wad of spit. The Oh shits of the crowd came through clenched teeth. Skinny Man did not wait for an apology. He threw up a fist and connected quickly. Fat Man replied and the entire crowd exploded. The fight ensued outside of the club, Rampage. It was one of the more popular hip-hop nightclubs in lower Manhattan. At seeing the progressing affray two very big, well-dressed bouncers parted their way through and quickly put an end to it. They pulled the two young men apart; who in truth did not want to be fighting, but were merely caught up in the adrenaline of the movement. There were SUVs and all manner of expensive cars parked outside, from the Lexus to the Benz. The bouncers dressed in black suits stood at the door. There was a railing that kept the people lined against the wall. The dense procession extended the stretch of the block and around the corner. The line was a dichotomy of gender and style. The women were dressed from head to toe in the most revealing, tight-fitting things they could have squeezed their frames into, while the men wore loose-fitting denim, complemented by work boots or sneakers, with a T-shirt or some form of sports jersey. The pounding music from inside was well heard. The beat beckoned the people in with baited anticipation.A young man at the front made his way past the bouncers and was handed a flyer as he proceeded. Upon the flyer it read: Hip-hop speak out for justice, Speak out for truth, Free all political prisoners, Fight against the war on terrorism. And on the cover it showed a man with profound eyes, dreadlocks and handcuffs. There was more to be read, but the young man paid it no mind and quickly folded it into his pocket. His mind was already well engaged by the beautiful young girl walking in front of him, keen to the manufactured faded area about her rear. They arrived at the security check where they were frisked. While the muscled guard grabbed at all parts of his body he was far more concerned with the aggressive gropes that the stout female security guard addressed to the girl. When they were finished the girl walked away and the young man approached the female guard."Yo, Ma, tell me how can I get yo' job?"She curled the corner of her lips in sarcasm and prodded him along. He tried to catch up to the girl. He, however, entered the main floor to complete confusion. The club was packed, the crowd thick and the music loud. He looked about without discretion but it was all for naught. He had lost her in the shuffle of flesh and the psychedelic pattern of lights. But within a minute he didn't seem to mind as another beautiful girl squeezed her way across his brow and his thoughts followed the sway of hips. The crowd was dense, being anywhere from fifteen hundred to two thousand people. While bopping their heads to the beat and dancing as much as the space would allow they focused their attentions toward the stage at the DJ. He was well known and, by the smoothness in his scratches, well deserving of his accolades. He was RA, the hottest DJ in the city. Above him, an all-encompassing banner for Bin Laden hung. Bin Laden was the most popular hip-hop act at the time. He was the premier artist in the Crown Records roster; as such, the name of the ubiquitous music juggernaut was imprinted alongside his. And just below Bin Laden's banner was another for BET Freestyle Championship; again the symbol for Crown Records was imprinted, as Crown was the sponsor of both events. The music began to fade as a man and a woman entered the stage. She was cute, medium-tanned, stockily built; well-fitted in her mix of bohemian and hip-hop. He was lean, tall, dark, handsome; attired in a mix of thug and preppy. They were Free and AJ, the hosts of BET's 106 and Park. He was the first to address the crowd, "Hey what's up, New York, how are y'all doing tonight!" And Free followed, "Yo, how's everybody doing out there? Alla y'all lookin' so beautiful. Ain't I right, AJ? Isn't everybody just looking so good tonight?""You are definitely right about that, Free. Especially the sistas; damn, sistas you look good! Y'all making a brother have thoughts to..." He then looked over to Free, who playfully slapped him on his shoulder.ar"Boy, you better stop, before you get yourself beat down looking at some other man's woman.""What you talking about, Free? I can handle my own now. But you're right, you're right, you're right. But I'm just sayin', though, that the sistas look good. And y'all need to give yourselves a round of applause for that.""All right now, everybody, do we all know why we are here?"Reacting to Free's question the crowd shouted out, "Bin Laden!""Yes, we are definitely here in support of our terror boy, Bin Laden," Free responded. "Doing his thing, dropping the bomb shit as always. But what else are we here for?" The crowd again shouted out, "Freestyle Championship!" "That's right, y'all, this is it," AJ remarked. "This is the grand championship of our Freestyle Battles, where two local unsigned talents are going to come up on this stage and do their thing. And when it is all over, one of them won't be unsigned anymore, 'cause he's gonna walk away with a fat-ass record deal from Crown Records, home of Bin Laden, Stalin and Lil' Hitler. Not to mention also being the sponsors of our event tonight." The crowd cheered again as if playing a round of call and response. "Now, AJ, let's tell the people how these two guys got here." "To get to this point both of them had to win an almost impossible nine weeks in a row on our televised Freestyle Battles. It was hard work but they both did it. And they are both here tonight to determine who is the best of the best.""Now, do y'all know who we are talking about?" Free asked.The crowd began to shout out, "FLAWLESS" and "BULL!" The mob was all but evenly split between supporters of Flawless and those of Hannibal. "Damn, AJ, it looks like it's gon' be a war tonight.""That's right, Free; so let's not keep the crowd waiting anymore. Let's get this war started. Let's bring out my main man, Flawless the word shifter; and the undeniable, I tell you I'm scared of this guy, Hannibal the Cannibal."Flawless entered the stage from the left, and Hannibal did so from the right. They were both attractive black men in their early twenties, of average heights and slim builds. Flawless however was the pretty boy. He was more neatly dressed; with his white shell-top sneakers, his light blue jeans, his black loose-fitting T-shirt and his hair: a well-cut blowout. In his Timberland boots Hannibal appeared more rugged. His clothes were darker and baggier, his demeanor sterner and his head was bald. The crowd reacted to the difference in their styles. The women screamed and swooned for Flawless, while the men barked and howled for Hannibal. Through the noise they remained silent; Free broke through the barking. "Now, gentlemen, let's get the rules straight. Basically there are no rules. This isn't like our televised show, so there are no censors. Only rule is: you keep it verbal.""Yeah, brothers, there is no need for any physicalities here. And that goes for the audience as well. I know we all like to keep it gangsta. But let's keep it peaceful as well. Keep it on the mic."<...
Saks Fifth Avenue /SEP/ Saks Fifth Avenue. Audio CD
The best of Sherlock Holmes (The Collected stories of the world's greatest writers) /SEP/ The best of Sherlock Holmes (The Collected stories of the world's greatest writers). Founded in 1906 by J.M. Dent, the Everyman Library has  always tried to make the best books ever written available to the  greatest number of people at the lowest possible price. Unique editorial  features that help Everyman Paperback Classics stand out from the crowd  include: a leading scholar or literary critic's introduction to the text,  a biography of the author, a chronology of her or his life and times, a  historical selection of criticism, and a concise plot summary.  All books  published since 1993 have also been completely restyled: all type has  been reset, to offer a clarity and ease of reading unique among editions  of the classics; a vibrant, full-color cover design now complements these  great texts with beautiful contemporary works of art. But the best  feature must be Everyman's uniquely low price. Each Everyman title offers  these extensive materials at a price that competes with the most  inexpensive editions on the market-but Everyman Paperbacks have durable  binding, quality paper, and the highest editorial and scholarly  standards.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was born in 1859 in Edinburgh, Scotland. He was a doctor by trade; optician more specifically. It is rumoured that during his off periods of work he would think about and write his various stories. He is well known for several science fiction works, but of course his most recognizable works are the Sherlock Holmes mysteries. He died in 1930. He tried desperately to "kill off" Holmes so that he could pursue other genres of writing as well, and not just be known for the Holmes mysteries. However, after much public outcry, Holmes returned in "The Empty House" and in many other stories following, up to the "Case Book of Sherlock Holmes" collection.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
Hit Parade (John Keller Mysteries) /SEP/ Hit Parade (John Keller Mysteries). Block's assassin, John Keller (Hit Man; Hit List), returns in these loosely linked, well-crafted vignettes of the protagonist on assignment, blithely but expertly eliminating a grab bag of targets: a philandering pro baseball player, a jockey in a fixed horse race, two women who hire him to put down a neighbor's dog, a Cuban exile and more. Manhattan-based Keller works through his agent, Dot, who assigns murders from her home just north in White Plains.Keller, a loner by temperament and trade, has an easy camaraderie with Dot. The two entrepreneurial colleagues strike a casual tone in conversationbut they're discussing death (sometimes in gory detail). With dry wit, Block tracks the pursuits of the morally ambiguous Keller, who hunts rare, pricey stamps for his extensive collection when he's not "taking care of business." Four-time Shamus- and Edgar-winner Block has the reader queasily rooting for the killer as well as the victims, unsettling the usual point of identification and assumptions about right and wrong. (July) Copyright  Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Keller is a hit man. Like all careers, it has its challenges, some imposed by circumstance, others generated by introspection. For example, Keller accepts a contract on an aging baseball star. The job will be easy, but Keller complicates it with reasons that can only be categorized as "inside baseball." There's another job in which he's assigned to kill a jockey, but only if the man wins a fixed race. Since Keller is all about the money, he figures a way to turn the situation into a win-win for himself. He also ponders a retirement in which he will abandon his Manhattan lifestyle for a trailer in the southwestern desert. Block, the best-selling author of the Matt Scudder and Bernie Rhodenbarr series, indulges himself when he dusts off Keller. The humor is even more deadpan than usual, and the vignettes (Keller working as a food-service volunteer after 9/11) are quirky diversions. Oddly, Keller the hit man is also a kind of everyman, pondering such universal questions as, Does this assignment compromise my ethics? Will I ever get another job? Block's legion of fans will savor his subtle wit, his consummate narrative skills, and his idiosyncratic method of celebrating the lives of working folks in America. Wes LukowskyCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Confirmed reviews include: LITERARY REVIEW September OBSERVER 24 Sept SUNDAY TELEGRAPH 24 Sept IRISH TIMES  23 October	      --This text refers to an alternate 							Hardcover	 edition.	Lawrence Block is one of the most widely recognized names in the mystery genre. He has been named a Grand Master of the Mystery Writers of America and is a four-time winner of the prestigious Edgar and Shamus Awards, as well as a recipient of prizes in France, Germany, and Japan. He received the Diamond Dagger from the British Crime Writers' Associationonly the third American to be given this award. He is a prolific author, having written more than fifty books and numerous short stories, and is a devoted New Yorker and an enthusiastic global traveler.	      --This text refers to the 							Mass Market Paperback	 edition.
Stainless Steel Hex Nut, #00-90 (Pack of 10) /SEP/ Stainless Steel Hex Nut, #00-90 (Pack of 10). Most often used on machine screws and threaded rod, these general purpose nuts are for low-strength assemblies.  Hex Nuts have flat tops with chamfered corners; bottoms may be flat or chamfered.  Hex drive systems are driven with a wrench.Stainless steels are used for their corrosion resistance, high-temperature strength, scaling resistance, and low-temperature toughness. These properties account for their extremely wide use in practically every industry.  Austenitic Stainless Steels are alloys of iron and carbon that contain between 16% and 30% Chromium, a maximum of 0.15% carbon, along with Nickel (or Manganese), and other alloying elements. The chromium, which helps develop a passive surface oxide film, provides corrosion resistance in stainless steels. Austenitic Stainless Steels are designated by a 3 digit SAE Stainless Steel Grade beginning with the number 3 (e.g. 304, 316). Another common naming convention for Austenitic Stainless Steels are 18/8, 18/10, 18/0, etc. where the 18 refers to the % of Chromium and 8 to the % of Nickel contained in the material. A threaded fastener's size name includes information about the major external diameter, followed by the threads per inch, which indicates if it is coarse or fine.  Coarse threads are better when working with brittle materials; they are sturdier and are easier to thread and unthread compared to fine.  Coarse threading also allows for thicker coatings and platings.
Unguarded Gates: A History of America's Immigration Crisis /SEP/ Unguarded Gates: A History of America's Immigration Crisis. Otis Graham brings new eyes and new scholarship to the agonizing question of immigration, a subject that usually engenders too much emotion and too little objective analysis. Unguarded Gates: A History of America's Immigration Crisis is a clear-eyed look at both the pluses and minuses of our new immigration patterns. Readable and compelling. (Richard D. Lamm, Governor of Colorado, 19751987, Co-Director of the Institute for Public Policy Studies, University of Denver )Otis Graham's Unguarded Gates is a vivid reminder that our contemporary debates over immigration have a long history. Graham shows powerfully how immigration has proven a continual challenge to the ability of America to realize its highest ideals and, as such, is must reading for understanding one of the pivotal issue of our times. (John Bodnar, Indiana University )A much-needed guide to an unknown history: America's constant effort to control immigration in the national interest, culminating in the legislation that ended out-of-control immigration in the 1920s. Graham performs a great service in calmly stripping away the self-serving myths that grew up around this cut-off, caused its abandonment in the 1960s, and still poison debate today, as immigration once again reaches crisis proportions. (Peter Brimelow, editor of VDARE.com and author of Alien Nation )Otis Graham has been reflecting on the consequences of large-scale immigration in the U.S. for many years. Unguarded Gates distills many of those insights in a coherent and informative fashion. Regardless of one's perspective on the immigration debate, Graham's analysis shows that the making of an informed policy requires that we all become aware of how immigration is changing the country. (George Borjas, Harvard University )Graham performs a valuable service in refuting modern-day charges that racist motivations and eugenicist theories underlay the Progressives' move to restrict immigration. Unguarded Gates is especially enlightening in its analysis of the vast cultural rift between the elites, who benefit economically from cheap immigrant labor, and average Americans, who bear the costs and consequences of the present mass immigration. (National Review )Ethnic activistsalong, unfortunately, with most liberals and historians of immigrationrefuse to grant that efforts to restrict immigration can be inspired by anything but nativism, racism, and fear of 'the Other.' This book shows how ungroundedand unfairthat assumption is. Graham's evidence and argumentation should go far toward making reasonable discussion of the issue possible. (Philip Gleason, professor emeritus, University of Notre Dame )This is a clear and rational little bookno small accomplishment when the subject is immigration.Unguarded Gates: A History of America's Immigration Crisis is less a policy tome or a polemic than a fine exercise in simply telling it like it was. (Sunday Washington Times )Unguarded Gates provides an intriguing historical survey of America's immigration crisis. . . . This should be a part of any college-level collection on immigrant social issues. (The Bookwatch )	Otis L. Graham, Jr. is professor of history, emeritus, at the University of California, Santa Barbara. He is the author or editor of over 15 books, including Debating American Immigration, 1882Present (with Roger Daniels) and Environmental Politics and Policy, 1960s to 1990s. He lives in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Reba Mcentire Live /SEP/ Reba Mcentire Live. On this impressive live set, Reba McEntire avoids letting unfettered spontaneity outrun her fondness for state-of-the art production and her flair for showmanship. That said, Live is hard to overlook, since it gives listeners a taste of her assured stage presence, which has always been a huge factor in McEntire's immense popularity. This 19-cut collection also offers a relatively generous sampling of her biggest hits from the 1980s, along with lively renditions of endearing oldies like "Cathy's Clown," "Respect," "San Antonio Rose," and Dolly Parton's "Jolene." --Bob Allen
The Perfect Plan (7th Heaven(TM)) /SEP/ The Perfect Plan (7th Heaven(TM)). Lucy and Mary are definitely up to something, but the rest of the family is so busy they don't seem to notice -- except for sharp-eyed Simon, who's got a big surprise in store for his older sisters!	Lucy and Mary are definitely up to something, but the rest of the family is so busy they don't seem to notice--except for sharp-eyed Simon, who's got a big surprise in store for his older sisters!
Disney A to Z: The Updated Official Encyclopedia /SEP/ Disney A to Z: The Updated Official Encyclopedia. You may well know that Mickey Mouse's first appearance was in  the 1928 cartoon Steamboat Willie, but do you know where Donald  Duck made his debut? With the help of Disney A to Z: The Updated  Official Encyclopedia, you'll know that Donald made his first  appearance in 1934's Wise Little Hen--and that his middle name  is Fauntleroy. This wonderful book contains hundreds of illustrations  and nearly 3,000 entries covering all aspects of Disney's world, from  brief synopses of all the Disney cartoons, films, and television  programs to the names of the restaurants and shops at the Disney theme  parks and the names of all 39 original Mouseketeers. Compiled by Dave  Smith, Archives Director for the Walt Disney Company, this book is the  definitive guide to Disney. For example, a glimpse under the letter  "P" reveals that Prince Charming was the prince in Cinderella,  Prince Eric fell for Ariel in TheLittle Mermaid, Prince John  was the "phony King of England" from Robin Hood, Prince Phillip  kissed Princess Aurora in Sleeping Beauty--but that the prince  in Snow White was simply called "Prince" (He shouldn't feel  bad--the evil queen was simply called "Queen."). At times the book is  a bit too mouse-eared--Rita Moreno's entry reads "Actress; appeared on  television in episodes of Zorro"--but all in all it is an  excellent resource. Chock-full of interesting information, Disney  A to Z is a treat for Disneyphiles and trivia buffs alike.  --C.B. Delaney	In the vast world of Disney, things change every day. Smith, founder (in 1970) and director of the Walt Disney Archives, created his first compendium (Disney A-Z: The Official Encyclopedia, LJ 11/15/96) to help staff archivists keep up. This new edition (whose publisher is a Disney company) updates and expands an already comprehensive volume, covering movies, TV, key personnel, attractions, and other company ventures. Most entries are brief and informative, providing facts but little descriptive content or analysis, although longer discussions accompany articles on Walt Disney, Mickey Mouse, and other company icons. Browsing this piecemeal history of Disney is like watching a review of America in the television age. With 300 new entries covering new (Mulan, Flubber) and old topics missed in the first volume, this edition is the best source for Disney trivia. For reference and circulating collections.?Kelli N. Perkins, Herrick Dist. Lib., Holland, MICopyright 1998 Reed Business Information, Inc.
Kenwood KNAG510 Hideaway Navigation System /SEP/ Kenwood KNAG510 Hideaway Navigation System. Control the navigation functions with your Kenwood DVD player's touchscreen controls. Equipped with the latest Garmin navigation technology, the KNAG510 includes advanced mapping of the U.S. and Canada and over 6 million points of interest right at your fingertips! The KNAG510 is ready for XM Live Traffic feeds. Simply add the XM chip set tuner, subscribe to XM radio and receive constant traffic and weather conditions with continuous, real-time updates-24 hours a day, seven days a week.Add-on navigation system for compatible Kenwood in-dash DVD players.Touchscreen control with Kenwood compatible monitors - You'll see the preloaded road maps of the U.S. and Canada on your DVD player's video screen, as they show you where you are and where you're going. Voice Guidance announces street names - Voice prompts delivered over your car speakers also help out, telling you whenever a turn is coming up. Built-in mapping and SD card reader-no discs! - Built-in road maps of the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico displayed on your DVD player's video screen. Over 5 million points of interest GPS satellite antenna - Higher accuracy with advanced satellite system Faster and automatic re-routing for missed turns, auto zoom and detour GPS Information Ready to add XM Live Traffic, Weather and Music - compatible with Clear Channel Traffic Message Channel and XM Satellite Radio traffic information services (subscriptions and extra components required) Multi-destination route planning, route c
Italic Handwriting Series Book C /SEP/ Italic Handwriting Series Book C. "I am behind this handwriting 100%. Everyone can read it. Its easy to teach, and the results are beautiful..." -- Val Hornburg, Teacher and winner of the Miriam Joseph Farrell Award for Distinguished Teaching"Inga Dubay and Barbara Getty deserve the thanks of every teacher and every parent. Its a breakthrough at last!" -- Betty Edwards, PhD, Author of Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain"My daughters handwriting has improved dramatically in just two months of sporadic use. I can now read everything..." -- Homeschooling parent, Washington, Pennsylvania	Barbara Getty, MAT, has taught calligraphy and handwriting for over 25 years, and elementary school for 14 years. She has been an instructor at Lewis and Clark College, Portland Community College and Portland State University (in Portland, Oregon), currently conducts workshops on calligraphy and italic handwriting, and was featured on CNN. She studied with Lloyd Reynolds and Jacqueline Svaren. Her work has been exhibited nationally and internationally, and published in International Calligraphy Today. She is a graduate of Lewis and Clark College, did postgraduate work at Portland State University, receiving her MAT from Lewis and Clark College.    Inga Dubay, BA, has taught calligraphy at the Oregon College of Art and Craft in Portland, Oregon, since 1975, and was Book Arts Department Head for six years. She also taught at Portland State University and has conducted numerous calligraphy and handwriting workshops across the country including several International Calligraphy Conferences. She studied at Mills College, received her degree from the University of Oregon, and did post-graduate work at the Art Academy in Oslo, Norway, the University of Oregon, and the University of California, Berkeley. She studied calligraphy with Lloyd Reynolds and Lois McClelland. Her work has been shown in national and international juried and invitational exhibitions, and has been published in Calligraphy Review, Martha Stewart Living and Lettering Arts.    Both authors travel all over the country giving seminars to physicians and medical professionals on how to write legibly.
Nana Uncut Box Set 4 (2010) /SEP/ Nana Uncut Box Set 4 (2010). Life is a whirlwind--will the Nanas make it through the storm without each other? As if Blast's debut wasn't causing enough stress, Takumi and Nana K.'s announcement sends everyone reeling, but none more than Nana O. and Reira. While Reira turns to Shin for comfort, Nana is drawn to Yasu and his calm understanding, leaving her questioning her relationship with Ren. Nana K. meanwhile is happily nesting in her new home, but her continued estrangement from Nana O. weighs heavily on her heart.
Hornady 50090 Kinetic Bullet Puller /SEP/ Hornady 50090 Kinetic Bullet Puller. Removes bullets from cartridges without damaging bullets.  The hollow head captures the bullet and powder for re-use.
Capresso 4460 Charcoal Water Filters for Capresso ST600 Coffeemaker, 6 Pack /SEP/ Capresso 4460 Charcoal Water Filters for Capresso ST600 Coffeemaker, 6 Pack. The charcoal filter cartridge removes up to 82% of the chlorine and other impurities found in tap water, improving the taste of the water and coffee. Designed to work in Capresso ST-600 Coffee maker
Family Child Care Record-Keeping Guide: 7th Edition /SEP/ Family Child Care Record-Keeping Guide: 7th Edition. Tom Copeland, JD, has written several books on business issues for the family child care field. He trains thousands of providers each year on record keeping, marketing, contracts, and other business topics.
Companion to Philosophy of Religion /SEP/ Companion to Philosophy of Religion. "I must congratulate the editors on the volume. It is very comprehensive - bringing in the different religious traditions of the world and their philosophies, the history of the philosophy of religion, and some of its most modern developments. I think it has got the balance of its articles exactly right, focusing on the modern detailed analytic work, but not neglecting the wider perspective. It is very readable, and the various articles will serve as useful introductions to topics for students; it is a very valuable resource." Professor Swinburne, Oriel College, University of Oxford !--end--"A superb collection! The topics are just right: from the religions of the world and currents in recent philosophy of religion to the theistic conception of God and the justification of theistic belief. The writing is authoritative, but also lively and stimulating. The book will be a valuable reference resource for years to come." Robert L. Arrington, Georgia State University "Blackwell's Companions to Philosophy have already established themselves as up-to-date and reliable guides to the central fields within the discipline. This present volume which, offers a remarkably wide-ranging survey of philosophy of religion and philosophical theology in crisp and manageable essays by acknowledged authorities, is no exception." The Tablet "Philip L. Quinn and Charles Taliaferro are to be commended for putting together an excellent resource in philosophy of religion. This is indeed a 'companion', for here one finds wise guides to the study of key issues in the philosophy of religion. This is a volume to refer to again and again. Essay after essay provides food for thought and additions to one's reading list." Paul Reasoner, Bethel Collage "Another fine addition to the Blackwell Companions of Philosophy series has been published. I consider it a gold mine!" The Review of Metaphysics	Praise for the first edition:"I must congratulate the editors on the volume. It is very comprehensive - bringing in the different religious traditions of the world and their philosophies, the history of the philosophy of religion, and some of its most modern developments. I think it has got the balance of its articles exactly right, focusing on the modern detailed analytic work, but not neglecting the wider perspective. It is very readable, and the various articles will serve as useful introductions to topics for students; it is a very valuable resource."Professor Swinburne, Oriel College, University of Oxford"A superb collection! The topics are just right: from the religions of the world and currents in recent philosophy of religion to the theistic conception of God and the justification of theistic belief. The writing is authoritative, but also lively and stimulating. The book will be a valuable reference resource for years to come."Robert L. Arrington, Georgia State University"Blackwell's Companions to Philosophy have already established themselves as up-to-date and reliable guides to the central fields within the discipline. This present volume which, offers a remarkably wide-ranging survey of philosophy of religion and philosophical theology in crisp and manageable essays by acknowledged authorities, is no exception."The Tablet	      --This text refers to the 							Unknown Binding	 edition.	In over 75 newly commissioned essays, this outstanding volume provides a comprehensive & authoritative guide to the philosophy of religion.	In 85 new and updated essays written by an outstanding cast of leading scholars and rising stars in the field, this comprehensive volume provides an authoritative guide to philosophy of religion.This extensively revised second edition contains 22 new entries combined with updated and reorganizedmaterial from the previous edition. Coverage of the challenges to theism, the justification of theistic belief, and the history of philosophy of religion has been expanded. An entirely new section, Current Trends and New Directions, contains 10 entries, including new essays on Wittgensteinian philosophy of religion, continental philosophy of religion, evidentialism, and philosophical reflection on mysticism.Engagingly written in a style that appeals both to the non-specialist and to the professional philosopher, this volume provides a broad survey of the issues in the philosophy of religion and offers an invaluable reference resource which will be referred to again and again.	In over 78 newly-commissioned essays, this outstanding volume provides a comprehensive and authoritative guide to the philosophy of religion. Written by many of today's leading figures, the volume surveys philosophical issues in the religions of the world, philosophical thought about religion in Western history, and important currents in twentieth-century philosophy of religion. Theism is treated systematically in discussions of religious language, the concept of God, arguments for and against theistic belief, and its relations to other aspects of culture, such as science and values. A final section on new directions in philosophy of religion explores feminism, religious pluralism, and comparative philosophy of religion. This volume will stand for many years to come as the standard reference resource for students and specialists alike.	Philip L. Quinn is John A. O'Brien Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame, Indiana, and was previously William Herbert Perry Faunce Professor of Philosophy at Brown University, Rhode Island. He is author of Divine Commands and Moral Requirements (1978), and of numerous articles in philosophy of religion, philosophy of science, theoretical physics, religious ethics, metaphysics, epistemology, value theory, political philosophy, and philosophy and literature. He has served as editor of the journal Faith and Philosophy (1990-5); as President of the Central Division of the American Philosophical Association (1994-5); and as Chair of the National Board of Officers of the American Philosophical Association (1995-9).Charles Taliaferro is Associate Professor of Philosophy at St Olaf College, Minnesota. He was Visiting Scholar at Oriel College, Oxford, and has taught at Brown University, the University of Massachusetts, and the University of Notre Dame, Indiana. He is the author of Consciousness and the Mind of God (1994) and Contemporary Philosophy of Religion (Blackwell Publishers, 1997), and numerous papers in philosophy of religion, metaphysics, and ethics.
Ghost Chase (1988) /SEP/ Ghost Chase (1988). Warren McCloud (Jason Lively) and his friend, Fred (Tim McDaniel), are two young horror filmmakers who are constantly in need of cash, When Warren reaches his 21st birthday, he discovers his grandfather left him a huge inheritance, which ultimately amounts to nothing but a measely pawn ticket. So they think! This ticket leads them to a world where special effects dummies come "alive." This pawn ticket turns out to be worth more than Warren could ever have imagined!
Genuine /SEP/ Genuine. 2002 comeback album for the seminal & long-running (their debut album, 'Jane Together' was released in 1972) Krautrock act. 12 tracks includes cuts performed by Mother Jane, previously unreleased songs and previously unreleased live sons. SPV Records.
Red R Racing Velocity Style Molded Utility Mat- 14" /SEP/ Red R Racing Velocity Style Molded Utility Mat- 14". PlastiColor Red R Racing Velocity Style Molded Utility Mats , providing the ultimate protection for active lifestyles. These molded mats include the , a line of deep draft, all-weather mats and are Can be easily cleaned with soap and water that will complement even the nicest vehicle's interior.
El Siglo De Las Luces / a Century of Light (Spanish Edition) /SEP/ El Siglo De Las Luces / a Century of Light (Spanish Edition). Text: Spanish	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
The EVA Challenge: Implementing Value Added Change in an Organization /SEP/ The EVA Challenge: Implementing Value Added Change in an Organization. "Buy it, read it on the plane and then start asking your top team some hard questions-before your shareholders do."(Financial Times)"The authors develop a number of powerful ideas in the book. The core of The EVA Challenge is a clear, accessible and often quite readable account of what exactly EVA is; how to calculate it; what information it can give shareholders; and how to devise ways of linking remuneration to EVA. ...It is an excellent, practical guide for busy chief executives. Buy it, read it on the plane and then start asking your top team some hard questions - before your shareholders do."(Financial Times, 26th February 2001)	-Economic Value Added-is a measure of the true economic performance of a company and a strategy for creating shareholder wealth. It is also a method of changing corporate priorities and behavior throughout a company, right down to the shop floor. Properly implemented, EVA frees the mea-surement of corporate performance from the vagaries of accounting conventions and aligns the interests of managers with those of shareholders, ending a decades-long conflict of interest.In The EVA Challenge, authors Stern, Shiely, and Ross outline how to implement EVA at all stages-including strategy development, organizational design, training, and incentive compensation.Essentially, an EVA program encompasses three things: a measurement system, an incentive system, and a system of financial management. In measuring performance, for example, EVA's key ingredient is the recognition of a capital charge--the cost of the capital in a company, in a division, in a branch store, or in a product. This detailed how-to guide shows executives around the world how to customize EVA for their organizations and improve the economic value they deliver. Here, EVA converts learn how to work some "EVA magic" through company-specific initiatives and case study examples. Coverage includes insightful new material on matters such as real options and new economy valuations, showing why new economy firms need EVA as much as old economy firms.Executives around the globe now have a book that shows them how best to utilize EVA at their companies-reorienting the corporate ship in the direction of true economic profit. Research shows that companies using EVA outperformed competitors of comparable market capitalization by an average of 49% over a five-year period, as measured by total returns to shareholders.	Praise for The EVA Challenge"The EVA Challenge provides helpful insights for both the beginner and the advanced EVA practitioner. Its real-life examples illustrate how the practical application of shareholder value orientation can align the goals of all organizational levels, motivate management by linking compensation to EVA performance, and bring additional value to shareholders."-Dr. Karl-Hermann Baumann, Chairman of the Supervisory BoardSiemens, A.G."A very valuable book for practicing managers who must solve problems. The authors provide a wealth of information and examples not only on implementing EVA, but on performance measurement and compensation in general. Their analysis is first rate. They draw from their extensive experience and from real companies, problems and solutions. I especially like the chapter on EVA failures."-Michael C. Jensen, Managing Director, Organizational Strategy Practice, The Monitor Group, Jessi Isidor Strauss Professor Emeritus, Harvard Business School"Joel Stern knows this subject matter better than anyone. He adapted EVA so that we could use it to incent management at the United States Postal Service to greatly improve performance. We stopped losing billions and started turning profits."-Marvin Runyon, 70th Postmaster General"The EVA Challenge is mandatory reading for any management in any business enterprise. Stern shows the way theory becomes practice and benefits not only management, but the shareholders and stakeholders alike. A must-read for management and shareholders."-Alfred G. Jackson, Global Head of Equity Research, Credit Suisse First Boston"Joel Stern knows more about creating shareholder value than anyone in America. In The EVA Challenge you'll learn how the master dumps rusty old accounting rules and hands managers a remarkable new yardstick for measuring success. Want to know the concept that made Roberto Goizueta great? Follow the Adam of EVA."-Shawn Tully, Senior Writer, Fortune	JOEL M. STERN has been Managing Partner of Stern Stewart & Co. since its founding in 1982. He currently serves on the faculties of five graduate business schools all over the world. A widely published writer, he has been a financial policy columnist for the Sunday Times of London. A recognized authority on financial economics, corporate performance measurement, corporate valuation, and incentive compensation, Mr. Stern is a leading advocate of the concept of shareholder value.JOHN S. SHIELY is President of Briggs & Stratton, one of the most successful implementers of EVA. He began his career as a tax accountant at Arthur Andersen & Co., then served as a lawyer, first with the Hughes Hubbard & Reed law firm, later at Allen-Bradley/Rockwell Automation, and finally joining Briggs & Stratton in 1986 as general counsel. He has received a bachelor of business administration in accounting from the University of Notre Dame, a JD from Marquette University Law School, and a Master of Management degree from Northwestern University.IRWIN ROSS was retained by Joel Stern to assist in the writing of The EVA Challenge. He has written a number of books, including The Loneliest Campaign, The Image Merchants, and Shady Business. He is a former roving editor of Reader's Digest and over the years has written for a variety of other magazines, including Fortune and Harper's. Mr. Ross has also been a regular contributor to Stern Stewart's EVAngelist.
Waugh Abroad: The Collected Travel Writing (Everyman's Library) /SEP/ Waugh Abroad: The Collected Travel Writing (Everyman's Library). As a writer of satiric and comic stories, Evelyn Waugh remains unmatched among modern writers. New York Times Book Review Waugh possesses a very original mind and a highly developed faculty for observing the fabulous, the fantastic, and the bizarre. He is vastly amused at the gay spectacle of life; and fortunately his amusement is contagious. Saturday Review In [Waughs] subdued fashionfor the influence of the obligation to debunk travel is strong in himhe gives a lucid and fascinating picture of places and people. V. S. Pritchett[Waugh] dislikes most things, but during his journey in British Guiana, even this habit shows signs of coming full circle and of turning into his way of liking them. New Statesman  Nation	Thirty years' worth of Evelyn Waugh's inimitable travel writings have been gathered together fo the first time in one volume. Waugh's accounts of his travels--spanning the years from 1929 to 1958--describe journeys through the West Indies, Mexico, South America, the Holy Land, and Africa. And just  as his travels informed his fiction, his novelists's sensibility is apparent in each of these pieces. Waugh pioneered the genre of modern travel writing in which the comic predicament of the traveler is as central as the world he encounters. He wrote with as sharp an eye for folly as for foliage, and a delight in the absurd, not least where his own comfort and dignity are concerned. From his fresh take the well-traveled and hence alread "fully laveled" Mediterranean region in LabelsI, to a close-up view of Haile Selaissie's coronation in Remote People, from a comically miserable stint in British Guiana in Niney-two Days, to a sharp-eyed tour of The Holy Places, the seven travel books collected here provide a feast of literary adventures--as light, bright, sharp, and invigorating as Waugh's fiction.
Charles Reid Painter The Figure in Watercolor DVD /SEP/ Charles Reid Painter The Figure in Watercolor DVD. "Charles Reid, Painter: The Figure in Watercolor" DVD	This highly acclaimed watercolor instruction DVD beautifully captures a great watercolor master in action. Painting the nude figure in watercolor as only Charles Reid can do.	Charles Reid begins his watercolor painting with an in depth pencil drawing, creating the foundation for the painting to follow. He concisely explains his creative process throughout this watercolor instruction DVD.		Originally inspired by his classic book "Figure Painting in Watercolor". This inspiring and informative DVD invites you into Charles Reid's Connecticut studio to experience how this watercolor master beautifully meets the challenge of working with a live nude model and painting the figure in watercolor.		Charles Reid's creative energy, focus and mastery of the watercolor medium are revelations to witness. You will gain profound insights and understanding that enhance your ability as a watercolor artist. Insights and understanding that can not be gained from a book. Charles Reid states, "that a painting needs to have soul and a sense of the models personality". This DVD has both soul and personality.		The Artist Magazine says, "This video is well worth the money you will spend for it. Not only is Charles Reid a master watercolorist, the DVD is professionally produced, which means you will see Charles Reid's demonstration with life like clarity. Color, sound, editing and technical reproduction are all excellent. You can view and review this demonstration with pleasure and continue to gain new insights by studying this master at work".
A Thematic Commentary on the Quran /SEP/ A Thematic Commentary on the Quran. Text: English (translation)  Original Language: Arabic
Autopsy of an Engine: and Other Stories from the Cadillac Plant /SEP/ Autopsy of an Engine: and Other Stories from the Cadillac Plant. Just as Michael Moore's documentary Roger and Me exposed the devastating effects of General Motors closing up shop in Flint, Michigan, Hernandez's short stories capture the effect on Detroit after Cadillac closed its plants there. Hernandez, who worked for Cadillac for 21 years, writes a tender tribute to the working-class people who made the auto industry thrive. The makeshift families that formed over the years in the factories are lovingly eulogized; one example is Henry, a break manager who dies on the job, and the isolated young man who breaks down thinking of the kindness Henry showed him. Each story is born of real-life blood and tears--you can hear the soothing and jangling rhythm of the machinery, smell the sweat and exhaust, and almost picture yourself on the assembly-line floor. The doors are shut and the pink layoff slips handed out, but these stories ask that we not forget those who lived, loved, breathed, and died serving the automobile, the embodiment of the American Dream. Misha StoneCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved	With its Latina perspective, this marvelous debut puts Hernandez in the company of Julia Alvarez, Ana Castillo and Sandra Cisneros. -- Tony Ardizzone[Hernandezs] stories ring like the engine-room of a Trinidad steelband: pam-pa-tam-pa-tam-pam-pam. You'll be dancing beneath the flickering fluorescents! -- Bob Antoni	Lolita Hernandez, a UAW worker for over thirty years, is the author of two collections of poetry and a frequent contributor to the Detroit Metro Times. Her poetry has been widely anthologized and stories from this collection have appeared in The Iowa Review, The Michigan Quarterly Review, and Seeds, The Biannual Journal of Sisters of Color. She lives in Detroit.
Fireplace DVD: Real Wood Burning Fire (Anamorphic - FullScreen Edition) (2008) /SEP/ Fireplace DVD: Real Wood Burning Fire (Anamorphic - FullScreen Edition) (2008). After being disappointed with many of the Fireplace DVDs out on the market that we tested, we were inspired to create a fireplace DVD that: 1. Used a real wood burning fire (not gas).  2. Was lit properly so that the fire didn't overexpose the shot.  3. A fire that filled the entire screen of a wide screen television as well as a regularly formatted TV. 4. Had no cheesy hearths to distract from the fire's magnificence. 5. Allowed the viewer to control what stage of the fire they wanted to see. We believe that addressing these issues with a professional DVD has allowed us to create the best virtual fireplace available. There are two basic aspect ratios 16:9 (widescreen) and 4:3 (standard) so look for these while you are searching your DVD player's menu. We shot the DVD in Anamorphic, which will allow it to switch between 16:9 and 4:3 formats without any issues. If you are getting the black bars at the top and bottom of your TV screen, you will need to access your dvd player's menu (found on the remote). On your DVD player menu there should be an option to change the format (aspect ratio) so that the DVD displays properly on your screen without the black bars. This is how our DVDs are able to play on both widescreen and regularly formatted TVs. This DVD has been tested in a wide variety of widescreen and standard screen TVs and displays full screen on both TV formats.
VW Transporter & Microbus: Specification Guide 1967-1979 /SEP/ VW Transporter & Microbus: Specification Guide 1967-1979. Alexander Prinz is an expert on early Bay-Window buses and is Vice President of the German Bay club Interessengemeinschaft TS.  He works for Volkswagen AG.    Vincent Molenaar is an expert on the later Bay-Window buses, and is the founder of a popular website dedicated to Bay M-codes.
Strategies for Teaching Students with Learning and Behavior Problems (6th Edition) /SEP/ Strategies for Teaching Students with Learning and Behavior Problems (6th Edition). "The authors have done an excellent job of presenting current, up-to-date, comprehensive and empirically supported information." - Dr. Patricia J. Edelen-Smith, Universityof Hawaiiat Manoa     "I find the focus questions to be especially strong components of each chapter; they really summarize exactly what it is that the students should take with them from their readings. This feature far exceeds anything that I currently use."  - Claire Verden, West ChesterUniversity     "I love the way this books leads students to be interactive."  - Linda Metske, LyndonStateCollege     "The text is appropriate for people new to the field as well as more seasoned instructors. The text is readable, easy to locate information and is worth my suggesting a change in text for the university for the coming year."  - DiAnne B. Garner, VirginiaCommonwealth University     "The information presented is very thorough and can be easily implemented in real-life situations."  - Kimberly Fields, AlbanyState University	      --This text refers to an alternate 							Paperback	 edition.	Give your students the help they needand can use immediately.    Based on current research on the best practices for teaching students with learning and behavior problems in a variety of settings, the sixth edition of Strategies for Teaching Students with Learning and Behavior Problems contains more applied teaching strategies than ever before. There is also increased emphasis on the topics of progress monitoring and assessment, diversity and English language learners, and family involvement. Icons throughout the text highlight discussions related to these topics.     About the Book  Focuses on how to teach and how to apply methods, making it easy to transfer new skills to school settings.   Basic how-tos regarding IEPs, consultation, classroom and behavior management, scheduling, and classroom design are covered extensively.   Apply the Concept boxes allow the reader to see how concepts can be applied to learning situations.   Instructional Activities throughout the book provide teaching activities and games that can be taken right into the classroom.   Case studies of teachers and students working to succeed in classrooms are included in every chapter. Information is presented in a way that is accessible and relevant.     New to This Edition  Reflects new IDEA 2004 legislation.  Increased coverage of progress monitoring reflects the increased importance of assessment today.    Increased coverage of methods for communicating and working effectively with parents and families.  Spotlight on Diversity features incorporate the most current methods for teaching diverse students populations, including students from culturally and linguistically diverse backgrounds.   All new Tech Tips highlight software and other technology that can enhance teaching and learning.  Classroom Applications discuss the use of in-depth teaching methods in the classroom.	Sharon Vaughn (Ph. D., University of Arizona) holds the H.E. Hartfelder/Southland Corporation Regents Chair in Human Development and is a recipient of the AERA Special Education SIG distinguished researcher award. She was the editor-in-chief of the Journal of Learning Disabilities and the coeditor of Learning Disabilities Research and Practice. Dr. Vaughn is the author of numerous books and research articles that address the reading and social outcomes of students with learning difficulties including Teaching Students Who Are Exceptional, Diverse, and At Risk in the General Education Classroom, with Jeanne Schumm and Candace Bos. Currently she is principal or co-principal investigator on several Institute for Education Science, National Institute for Child Health and Human Development, and Office of Special Education Programs research grants investigating effective interventions for students with learning disabilities and behavior problems as well as students who are English language learners.
Thugline Boss (Bonus Dvd) /SEP/ Thugline Boss (Bonus Dvd). A member of Bone-Thugs-N-Harmony, rapper Krayzie Bone has sold millions of units. His latest album with Bone-Thugs, Strength & Loyalty, has sold 350,000 units to date. He is currently touring with the group, and this, his latest solo album, contains the single 'One More', that features Keef G and is getting radio play in key target markets.
Aluminum Quad Walking Cane, small base /SEP/ Aluminum Quad Walking Cane, small base. This lightweight quad cane is designed to support up to 300lbs. It can be adjusted from 30" to 39" in order to accomodate most people. The 4 point base along with the offset foam handle provides additional stability and support. The one button height adjustment with locking bolt allows quick, safe fitting.
The sane society (Fawcett premier book) /SEP/ The sane society (Fawcett premier book). "A distinguished contribution to a growing body of social psychological reflections on modern times. "-The Washington PostOne is fascinated page after page by the incisiveness of the analysis, the concreteness of the presentation, and the beauty of the style.Paul TillichA courageous book with a high moral objective...an unflinching indictment of contemporary society.Guide to Psychiatric and Psychological Literature	      --This text refers to an alternate 							Paperback	 edition.	Erich Fromm was a German-born U.S. psychoanalyst and social philosopher who explored the interaction between psychology and society. His works include The Art of Loving, Love, Sexuality, and Matriarchy, and Man for Himself. He died in 1980. 	      --This text refers to an alternate 							Paperback	 edition.
Site Unseen (Emma Fielding Mysteries, No. 1) /SEP/ Site Unseen (Emma Fielding Mysteries, No. 1). A rip-snorting good mystery. (Aaron Elkins )This is one terrific read which will keep you turning the pages. (Rendezvous Magazine )	Dana Cameron is a professional archaeologist, with a Ph.D. and experience in Old and New World archaeology. She has worked extensively on the East Coast on sites dating from prehistoric times to the nineteenth century. Ms. Cameron lives in Massachusetts. Site Unseen is her first novel.
Monster Studio Pro 1000 Instrument Cable 8 in. - angled 1/4 plugs SP1000-I-.75DA /SEP/ Monster Studio Pro 1000 Instrument Cable 8 in. - angled 1/4 plugs SP1000-I-.75DA. Monster's Most Advanced Instrument Cablefor the Clearest, Most Accurate Sound Reproduction This is it: the reference instrument cable used by topartists, award-winningengineers and producers to deliver every nuance oftimbre and tonality duringperformances and recording sessions. Studio Pro 1000features Monster'stop cable technologies including 3-way BandwidthBalanced construction,patented MicroFiber dielectric and Time Correctmultiple gauge high,mid and low frequency wire networks for extremelyaccurate sonic reproduction.When you're ready to capture your music with ultimateclarity, detailand depth ...you're ready for Studio Pro 1000.
Geometric Modeling /SEP/ Geometric Modeling. Now completely updated to include the most recent developments in the field, Geometric Modeling, Second Edition presents a comprehensive discussion of the core concepts of this subject. It describes and compares all the important mathematical methods for modeling curves, surfaces, and solids, and shows how to transform and assemble these elements into complex models. Written in a style free of jargon of special applications, this unique book focuses on the essence of geometric modeling and treats it as a discipline in its own right. It integrates the three important functions of geometric modeling: to represent elementary forms, to shape and assemble these into more complex forms, and to determine concomitant derivative geometric elements. With more than 300 illustrations, ths book appeals to the reader's visual and intuitive skills in a way that makes it easier to understand its more abstract concepts.	A comprehensive, up-to-date presentation of the indispensable core concepts of geometric modeling    Now completely updated to include the most recent developments in the field, Geometric Modeling, Second Edition presents a comprehensive discussion of the core concepts of this subject. It describes and compares all the important mathematical methods for modeling curves, surfaces, and solids, and shows how to transform and assemble these elements into complex models. Written in a style free of the jargon of special applications, this unique book focuses on the essence of geometric modeling and treats it as a discipline in its own right.    It integrates the three important functions of geometric modeling: to represent elementary forms (i.e., curves, surfaces, and solids), to shape and assemble these into more complex forms, and to determine concomitant derivative geometric elements (i.e., intersections, offsets, and fillets).    With more than 300 illustrations, Geometric Modeling, Second Edition appeals to the reader's visual and intuitive skills in a way that makes it easier to understand its more abstract concepts. An extensive bibliography lists many supporting works, directing the reader to more specialized treatments of this subject.    Geometric Modeling, Second Edition serves as an invaluable guide to computer graphics and CAD/CAM specialists, applications designers, scientific programmers, teachers, and students.	MICHAEL E. MORTENSON writes and consults in geometric modeling and CAD/CAM. A former research engineer in CAD/CAM with the McDonnell Douglas Corporation, he is the author of Geometric Transformations, and An Introduction to the Mathematics and Geometry of Computer Graphics, as well as the highly successful first edition of Geometric Modeling.
Black Friday (Soul Survivor Series) /SEP/ Black Friday (Soul Survivor Series). Dr. Tim LaHaye is president of Tim LaHaye Ministries and founder of the Pre Trib Research Center. He has written over sixty non-fiction books. Dr. LaHaye holds a D.Min. degree from Western Theological Seminary and the Doctor of Literature degree from Liberty University. He and his wife, Beverly have been married more than 65 years. Bob DeMoss served as a youth culture specialist for Focus on the Family for seven years and is one of America's leading authorities on pop culture. He has authored ten books, is an internationally acclaimed speaker, and has made appearances on Good Morning America, Geraldo, and MSNBC.
Monster Cable MDJ-CR-1M 10-Inch Speaker Cable /SEP/ Monster Cable MDJ-CR-1M 10-Inch Speaker Cable. Put the Monster in Your Mixes! Introducing Monster DJ Cable. You don't spin using ordinary equipment, so why settle for ordinary cable? The gear in your rig only sounds as good as the cables that connect it all. Monster Prolink DJ Cables feature high quality, ultra-durable construction to give you improved  sonic performance. The ultra-flexible design enables easy routing behind turntables, and the heavy-duty reinforced terminations to provide maximum signal transfer, which means Monsterous Sound for Monsterous Mixers.  Features:  Dual Webbed Design for easy hook-up of L & R 100% Foil Shielding rejects electromagnetic and radio frequency interference (EMI/RFI) Special Copper Windings provides improved sonic clarity and tighter bass Dual-Mode Strain Relief increases durability and resists damage Color-Coded Rings for easy identification when youre plugging in multiple cables 24k gold contacts for maximum signal transfer	Monster DJ Cable
On the Run /SEP/ On the Run. One love...one people...one foundation - that's the driving force behind this family reggae band founded in Los Angeles in the late '90s. This is the group's 2nd album, which follows their successful debut album "Fool Around" (WMR #6292). (Previously deleted: 8/1/01. Original release date: 12/5/00).
Summer Infant Turtle Digital Temp Tester /SEP/ Summer Infant Turtle Digital Temp Tester. For parents wanting to make sure their child's water temperature is just right, the Digital Temperature Tester by Summer Infant is the perfect bath accessory.  It's quick, easy and accurate	08324 Features: -Temperature tester.-10 Minute auto shut-off to preserve battery life.-Recalculated water temperature every 10 seconds.-Large LCD screen.-Red, yellow, and green LED lights visually show parents if water is too hot, too cold, or just right.-Self-floating capability makes it a great bath toy as well.
All Lies on Me (2007) /SEP/ All Lies on Me (2007). Back in the day, "Dub Ridaz" was one of the hottest crews in Hip-Hop, but the days of platinum records, sold-out shows and fly females are nothing but a memory. Now with no record deal and fading skills, they're forced to make a living flipping burgers and working other dead-end jobs. But Chances, the leader of the crew, and his boys are fed up and ready to get back in the game. Hooking up with a new record label that hatches a wild publicity stunt to promote the new Dub Ridaz album, it's a race against the clock for the group to pull off the PR scheme, pay back an old debt and make a hit record. The stakes are high, the odds are against them and all lies are on the Dub Ridaz in this hilarious Hip-Hop comedy!
Thorn in the Heart (2010) /SEP/ Thorn in the Heart (2010). The Thorn in the Heart is the most highly personal film yet from a director known for making films that show quirky human connection (Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Flight of the Conchords). In this documentary, Michel Gondry has taken as subject matter his stalwart aunt Suzette, who confidently describes to the camera her historic teaching career in the French countryside. Suzette Gondry's tale is intriguing, as the director follows her from town to town to revisit decrepit schoolhouses, now overgrown with vines. She reunites with ex-students, some of them Harkis, Algerian soldiers who braved their War for Independence then settled in the region where Suzette settled. (There is also an excellent extra feature, "A Brief History of the Harkis," that furthers their roles in the film.) Starting in the 1950s, Gondry chronicles, year by year through vintage Super 8 film mixed in with new interviews of his elderly aunt, what adult life was like in tiny schoolhouses, and more profoundly, what strain this rural lifestyle placed upon relationships with her sawmill-employed husband, Jean-Guy, and her son, Jean-Yves. From here, the film takes a home-movie approach. When Gondry exposes his inner familial conflicts, one feels like a spy. Jean-Yves, a righteous model-train builder whose trains demarcate regional scene splits throughout, is obviously much more private than his mother, thereby adding to the film's overall eavesdropping sensibility. That said, while the subject matter is at times awkwardly private, the film's execution employs the viewer-friendly touches we know and love from Gondry. Animations made by Valerie Pirson, also explored further in the extra feature "Stop Motion Animation by Valerie Pirson," and a cool school-kid sequence soundtracked by Charlotte Gainsbourg renegotiate the film for a wider audience. While The Thorn in the Heart is too personal to be relevant in mainstream theaters, it gracefully illustrates Gondry's love of cinematic experimentation. --Trinie Dalton	Filmmaker Michel Gondry turns from the playful semi-surrealism of Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind and The Science Of Sleep to the personal story of a beloved family member in this documentary. Suzette Gondry is Michel's aunt and a retired schoolteacher; she educated children in rural communities in France from 1952 to 1986. While Suzette was committed to the education of all her students, she was a particularly close with one in particular -- her son, Jean-Yves, with whom she's had a loving but sometimes combative relationship. Michel accompanies Suzette on a journey in which she visits the many schools where she taught -- or the sites where those schools once stood -- and speaks of her experiences. She also meets some of her former students, and it's clear they recall Suzette as a woman with a kind heart but a strong will, and her determination earned her the enmity of a few of her charges.
Method of Execution /SEP/ Method of Execution. Songs Include : 1. Vowed Revenge / 2. Mauler / 3. Surgical Strike / 4. Dungeon Mask / 5. Shadow of Violence / 6. Prelude to the Storm / 7. Storm of Hatred / 8. Random Beheadings / 9. Incarcerated / 10. Judge, Jury & Executioner / 11. Terror Zone / 12. Sanctioned Homicide / 13. Impervious Deception / 14. Kill the King / 15. Murderous / 16. Reduced to Ashes
Timeline /SEP/ Timeline. 2-CD set features jazz-fusion band's best live material in two live concerts from 1977 & 1993, providing insight into the band's stronghold on the jazz-fusion idiom through its varying members, including Kenwood Dennard, Morris Pert, Robin Lumley, John Goodsall & others.
Apples of Gold /SEP/ Apples of Gold. Betty Huizenga began the Apples of Gold seminars in her home many years ago, and now other women are duplicating the seminars around the country. After her husband retired, Betty felt the Lord calling her to minister to younger women. Betty and her husband divide their time between Michigan and Florida.
Heavy Metal Be-Bop /SEP/ Heavy Metal Be-Bop. CD ALBUM
The Self-hypnosis Diet: Use the Power of Your Mind to Reach Your Perfect Weight /SEP/ The Self-hypnosis Diet: Use the Power of Your Mind to Reach Your Perfect Weight. Steven Gurgevich, Ph.D. is a health psychologist specializing in behavioral and mind-body medicine. He resides in Tucson, Arizona and teaches mind-body medicine to physicians at the University of Arizonas College of Medicine.	The author explains that hypnosis works on the mental components of weight loss such as cravings, body image, and stress. It works as a self-management, self-programing tool that helps people adopt a refreshing and calming state of mind. Hypnosis also helps integrate our deeper selves with our conscious minds to create a powerhouse of focused and consistent weight-loss motivation. Dr. Gurgevich is an intuitive, inviting teacher who explains common hypnosis myths and frames it as a normal practice for accomplishing behavioral goals. The program offers seven guided trance sessions, including one for emergency food cravings. A marvelous addition to anyone's weight-loss toolbox.  T.W.  AudioFile 2006, Portland, Maine-- Copyright  AudioFile, Portland, Maine
Mcclurkin Project /SEP/ Mcclurkin Project. CD packaged in a standard jewel case with a six page fold-out.
Super Pet Flat Bac Water Bottle, Small Animal - 4 oz. /SEP/ Super Pet Flat Bac Water Bottle, Small Animal - 4 oz.. Flat-Bac 4 oz. Water Bottle is a premium quality bottle with a smooth flat surface that fits tightly against your pets cage. Snap Lock Bottle Bracket easily attaches to the cage and the contoured bottle snaps into a secure position.
Covered Wagon Women, Volume 8: Diaries and Letters from the Western Trails, 1862-1865 (Covered Wagon Women 8) /SEP/ Covered Wagon Women, Volume 8: Diaries and Letters from the Western Trails, 1862-1865 (Covered Wagon Women 8). "This is a work to capture the heart as well as the historical mind. . . . Well worth reading."Journal of the West (Journal of the West )"An outstanding collection of primary sources written by women moving west."Wagon Tracks (Wagon Tracks )"The diaries and letters . . . throb with excitement, pain and mind-boggling determination."Kliatt (Kliatt )	Kenneth L. Holmes was a professor of history at Western Oregon State College. He edited and compiled Covered Wagon Women, drawing on archives and private sources.Introducing this Bison Books edition is Maria Montoya, an assistant professor of history and an assistant professor in the Program in American Culture at the University of Michigan.
Right Down the Line: Best of /SEP/ Right Down the Line: Best of. THIS IS A 1989 EMI CD
Spaghetti Westerns /SEP/ Spaghetti Westerns. Contains: the grand duel this man cant die it can be done amigo minnesota clay johnny yuma any gun can play death rides a horse the hellbenders and white comanche.  Studio: St Clair Ent Grp Inc  Release Date: 02/07/2006  Rating: Nr
Healthy Times Honeysuckle Baby Bath /SEP/ Healthy Times Honeysuckle Baby Bath. We gather the finest flowers from nature, combine them in a rare blend of delicate botanicals with vitamins E and A to create the purest, mildest hair care and skin care products in a package you wont be able resist!
Amazon.com: Intimo Men's Classic Silk Knit Thong, Navy, Medium: Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Intimo Men's Classic Silk Knit Thong, Navy, Medium: Clothing. This ultra-light and elastic men's Silk Knit thong is cool all weather comfort with the freedom that only a thong can offer. This elegant thong is crafted from pure, knitted silk with a gentle stretch that hugs your body.
Urgings of the Heart: A Spirituality of Integration /SEP/ Urgings of the Heart: A Spirituality of Integration. This bracing alternative to feel-good psychology is as deeply rooted in the biblical, historical tradition as in Jungian psychology. -- Publishers Weekly Religion BookLine	Wilkie Au, Ph.D., is director of spiritual development Services in Los Angeles, which provides spiritual direction and therapy for individuals, as well as in-service workshops, retreats, and consultation for lay and religious groups and adjunct professor of Theological Studies at Loyola Marymount University.    Former associate editor of Human Development, his By Way of the Heart: Toward a Holistic Christian Spirituality (Paulist Press) won the College Theology Society Book Award for 1990. He is also the co-author (with Noreen Cannon, Ph.D.) of Urgings of the Heart: A Spirituality of Integration (Paulist Press, 1995). for individuals, as well as in-service workshops, retreats, and consultation for lay and religious groups and adjunct professor of theological studies at Loyola Marymount University.
What s Love Got to Do with It?: Transnational Desires and Sex Tourism in the Dominican Republic (Latin America Otherwise) /SEP/ What s Love Got to Do with It?: Transnational Desires and Sex Tourism in the Dominican Republic (Latin America Otherwise). A smart, timely, eye-opening account. Whats Love Got To Do with It? makes both mens and womens hopes and strategies visible. It underscores poor womens capacity for agency and internationalized thinking without portraying the international system of commercialized sexuality as one in which women and men are meeting on a level playing field.Cynthia Enloe, author of The Morning After: Sexual Politics at the End of the Cold WarIn this finely hued ethnography, Denise Brennan questions how transnationalization gets transacted, imagined, and experienced through an examination of the sex trade in a specific locale, Sosa in Dominican Republic. Interweaving the grand themes of political economy and power inequities with those of desire and fantasyand from the sides of both (foreign) customer and (local) sex workershe has crafted a richly textured study of a sexscape and its brokering of dreams as much as of money and sex.Anne Allison, author of Nightwork: Sexuality, Pleasure, and Corporate Masculinity in a Tokyo Hostess Club	Denise Brennan is Associate Professor of Anthropology at Georgetown University.
Camille Beckman French Milled Soap /SEP/ Camille Beckman French Milled Soap. French Milled gentle cleansing soap made the old fashion way. Cleanse in your favorite fragrance.
Counselling for Grief and Bereavement (Therapy in Practice) /SEP/ Counselling for Grief and Bereavement (Therapy in Practice). `Humphrey and Zimpfer's theoretical approach is multimodal... and they make good use of both individual and systemic theories of human functioning... the book provides an absorbing and challenging journey through the possible process involved in bereavement work, and encourages one to think broadly about how one can approach a bereaved person... good, clear examples are given... A further strength of the book is that it enables the reader to work clearly through the beginning, middle and end of the counselling relationship... this was a book I enjoyed reading very much, and which I found both theoretically sound and practically helpful' - Bereavement Care (Cruse)  `This practical book will be useful to all professionals working with bereaved people and I thoroughly recommend it for anyone working in this area of counselling. The authors... provide an excellent review of theories and relate them to the practical skills counsellors need. Combined with this pragmatic process, the authors provide a firm theoretical base in which the concepts of loss, attachment and grief are discussed... take one through the process of assessing the client in a sensitive and empathic manner... [and] provide a thorough account of the concepts and issues relating to anticipatory grief... This is a very accessible book which is illustrated with clinically relevant case examples' - Psychologists Special Interest Group for the Elderly (PSIGE) Newsletter  `[A] concise exploration of the issues around different kinds of loss and grief, with good summaries of the earlier contributions from Freud, Bowlby, Murray Parkes, Lindemann, Kubler Ross and Rando... a welcome addition to the Counselling in Practice series' - Self & Society  `Mental health professionals will find this book helpful when working with individuals who are going through the grief and bereavement process. The volume is succinct, with a refreshing lack of verbosity. It includes both theory and practice, with a heavy emphasis on the latter. Individual, family and group counseling techniques are discussed, with the use of case studies to illustrate a point. Throughout the volume, the reader is given many practical tools, such as interview forms, exercises and sample sessions... "The process of grief is an individual journey" (p 41), a journey for which Humphrey and Zimpfer have prepared us well. This book is a valuable introductory resource for mental health professionals, teachers and students. The reader is given a solid theoretical base, many practical applications of the research, as well as helpful resources' - Contemporary Psychology  `Altogether a very helpful resource for the counsello' - National Association of Cancer Counsellors Newsletter
Unreal Championship 2 The Liandri Conflict /SEP/ Unreal Championship 2 The Liandri Conflict. After the incredible success of the original, fast-paced sci-fi shooter, Unreal Championship, Xbox gamers have eagerly anticipated the sequel. The wait is over; Unreal Championship 2: The Liandri Conflict continues the franchise and introduces an evolutionary new gameplay style to the traditional first-person shooter genre: acrobatic melee combat. The new, bone-crunching fighting style of Unreal 2 seamlessly melds hand-to-hand combat with Unreal's trademark frenetic shooter action. You can take on any one of the 14 characters, each with spectacular new adrenaline powers that give you new offensive and defensive combos. Your heart will race, and you'll be stunned with your character's unprecedented mobility as you fight your way to victory. Combat is blasted into a different dimension with the new third-person navigation, making it easier to pull off incredible, acrobatic combination attacks. Each level is designed to allow you to maximize moves and take combat into the stratosphere with high-flying vertical action -- something never seen before in an action shooter. You can experience all the thrills of combat with the variety of skilled characters, and you can even take on the role of the heroic Anubis as he fights to reclaim his people's Rite of Ascension from the omnipotent Liandri Corporation. With unparalleled multi-player action, the Unreal 2 Championship experience is optimized for Xbox Live. Just flip the switch and get online for Unreal 2 Championship combat against the toughest live adversaries from around the world. Plus, with the system link, Unreal 2 has the ability to link multiple Xbox consoles for closed circuit, multi-player LAN battles. In Unreal 2, the action is where it's at. With the new adrenaline power moves, fast-paced combos and blocks, and intense Xbox live-action combat, this highly anticipated sequel delivers exciting gameplay and challenging battles.	Unreal Championship 2: The Liandri Conflict continues the Unreal franchise on the Xbox and introduces an evolutionary new gameplay style to the traditional FPS genre: acrobatic melee combat. This highly anticipated sequel also features new single-player and multiplayer gameplay person camera mode and intense melee abilities. Unreal Championship fans can play as any one of 14 characters from the Unreal universe each with spectacular new Adrenaline Powers that enable new offensive and defensive combos.Format: XBOX Genre:ACTION/ADVENTURE Rating:M - Mature UPC:031719300778 Manufacturer No:30077
John Updike and Religion: The Sense of the Sacred and the Motions of Grace /SEP/ John Updike and Religion: The Sense of the Sacred and the Motions of Grace. Yerkes, professor of religion and philosophy at Moravian College, edits this eminently readable collection of essays exploring the religious dimensions of Updike's work and vision. Authored by an interdisciplinary group, the collection benefits by avoiding both excessively technical and tendentiously "churchy" language. As insightful as it is with respect to Updike's writing, it also effectively uses Updike as a lens, creatively bringing into focus American democracy, civil religion and the Protestant tradition with which Updike converses. The 15 essays fall under three sections: "Updike and the Religious Dimension," "Updike and the Christian Religion" and "Updike and American Religion." The book is noteworthy not only for its interdisciplinary approach but, as Yerkes himself points out, for the time it spends on writings regarded by establishment critics to be among Updike's worst. The anthology opens with a poem and an essay by Updike himself and closes with a useful bibliography, including Internet sources on Updike's work. For readers who have never explored Updike, these essays serve as a provocative invitation to do so. Readers who have already engaged Updike in depth will find in these pages a rich and critical conversation, revealing Updike's intricate vision of religion and human experience. (Oct.) Copyright 1999 Reed Business Information, Inc.
Scandal /SEP/ Scandal. Shades of My Fair Lady color this farcical Regency from Britton (Seduced), which throws together two disparate characters, Charles Reinleigh Drummond Montgomery, the sixth earl of Sherborne, and Anna Brooks, a bright, ambitious market maid. Rein can't believe his ears when he hears the conditions of his uncle, the Duke of Wroxly's, will. But when he finds himself unceremoniously dumped in one of London's seediest slums, reality slowly sinks in. If he doesn't survive in the slum for a month without the benefit of money or connections, he will lose his inheritance. Before he has a chance to get his bearings, Anna accidentally conks him on the "knowledge box" with one of her many inventions. Rein seizes the opportunity to secure shelter with Anna, but he soon finds himself wanting more from the feisty young woman. Anna isn't immune to their attraction, but she's determined not to let it get in the way of her goal to design a sail worthy of Britain's naval fleet. A handful of minor characters like Anna's market friend, Molly, and her batty grandfather add color, but Britton's portrayal of the slums feels whitewashed, despite her occasional references to the city's mud and grime. But this is a fairy tale, after all, and as a fairy tale, it succeeds. Those looking for a fully fleshed-out romance, however, may find it lacking. Copyright  Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	Charles Reinleigh Drummond Montgomery, sixth earl of Sherborne, who earned disfavor from his late uncle by accidentally running over the old man's vicious dog, is now heir to the family fortune. However, the will has one condition: Rein must live anonymously, and without financial aid, among the common people for one month. Orphaned Anna Rose Brooks lives with her grandfather, an eccentric, penniless inventor, and Rein literally falls head-over-heels for her when her kite crashes into his head. Feeling obligated to see to his wound, she takes him home, where he cleverly negotiates room and board. Rein soon discovers that her "kite" is really a unique sail designed to win the purse in a prestigious fastest boat contest, and he develops enormous admiration for her intelligence and ingenuity. Sexy and sensual, this Pygmalion-in-reverse story shows how, with the right woman, a selfish nobleman can become a genuinely nice person in spite of himself. As in Britton's other excellent books, this romance is laced with lots of humor. Shelley MosleyCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved	Ms. Britton has gifted us with an outrageously captivating story that will steal your heart...not be missed. -- The Best Reviews - Suzanne TuckerRead the back blurb, preorder this book, and then hope that whoever you order it from ships it early. -- Romance Reader at Heart - Top PickSCANDAL is such a delight... [it] is a novel in which every detail is perfect. ENJOY! -- Reader to ReaderSexy and sensual...As in Britton's other excellent books, this romance is laced with lots of humor. -- BooklistSexy, lively, irresistible, Britton's latest strikes gold, taking readers on a roller-coaster ride that brings a smile and a tear. -- RT BOOKclub - Top Pick	A warm welcome to all readers!! If you haven't read my books before, I hope you might consider reading one.  SCANDAL is a special book in that it's the sequel to my January 2004 release, TEMPTED.  I truly enjoy Cinderella-type stories and this one ranks right up there with TEMPTED.  I hope you'll think so too!!	"THIS MORNING YOU TOLD ME YOU'D TAKE CARE OF ME. WERE YOU ASKING ME TO BE YOUR MISTRESS?" "I was." Anna nodded and, to Rein's absolute shock, said, "Very well. If the offer is still open, I should like to accept. Assuming, of course, that you're wealthy enough to take me away from all this." Did she jest? Could she be serious?  "I am." "Then I accept. But only if you promise to provide for my grandfather as well." "I will." She seemed to lose some of her bluster then, her eyes darting away from his for a moment. "Will you tell me your real name?" "No," he answered honestly. "I cannot reveal that now." She was back to looking proud again. "One day you shall have to tell me what is so important to you that you agreed to come to St. Giles." "One day I shall," he agreed. "Just not now." "When do we begin our bargain?" Her words delivered such a stab of desire to his groin, he almost flinched from the force of it. "Tonight," he found himself saying.	Pamela Britton was born to tell stories as evidenced by her ability to convince her three-year-old daughter that she is the singing voice of Ariel from The Little Mermaid, and that King Triton is her very best friend.  When she's not tormenting her family with her voice, Pamela creates caffeine-induced stories that have won her numerous accolades over the years, including a nomination from Romance Writers of America for their Golden Heart, an RT BOOKclub nomination for Best First Book, and the title of Best Paranormal romance of 2000 from Affaire de Couer magazine. Recently, Pamela's first book for Warner, Seduced, was nominated as one of the top ten best romances of 2003 by the staff of Barnes and Noble.  Pamela feels privileged to write full-time from her ranch in Northern California. She enjoys riding, hiking and singing along to Disney tunes (very big grin). Alas, one day her daughter will reason out that she is not the voice of Ariel. Until then she plans on milking it for all it's worth.
Twin Tracks : The Unexpected Origins of the Modern World /SEP/ Twin Tracks : The Unexpected Origins of the Modern World. James Burke, author and public television star, returns with another  quirky look at the way history works. In Twin Tracks, Burke  connects "trigger events" with unexpected outcomes. For instance, the  invention of the lens-grinding lathe leads to hairdressing, and the  debut of Mozart's The Marriage of Figaro  connects to development of the  stealth fighter jet. These events are tied together via two tracks, one  written along the book's left-hand pages, and one along the right. The  narratives meet up in the end, giving readers a clear idea that the  lines of history can be quite subjective. Some of the examples even run  backward, as when Burke explains the connections between smallpox and  the Big Bang. While Burke is justifiably famous for linking historical  events, the paths he takes, especially those involving lots of  unfamiliar names, can be tricky to follow: In 1710 the art collection was sold to Philip, regent of  France, in a deal brokered by Benedetto Luti, the best painter in Rome  at the time.... That year Luti took on an assistant.... By 1714 William  Kent was painting originals.... His patron in all this was the  trillionaire Earl of Burlington. The best way to read Twin Tracks, as with any of Burke's lovely  books, is one chapter at a time, taking thinking breaks in between so as  not to become overwhelmed by detail. The networks he describes form a  more accurate, if more challenging, picture of history's motion than any  linear sequence. --Therese Littleton	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Burke is back with another volume of the surprising and frequently serendipitous connections among the seemingly unconnected people, events and discoveries that have shaped our modern world. His work, which by this point comprises a genre in itself (including such titles as The Knowledge Web and The Pinball Effect), meanders through the history of science, medicine and technology, playing an intellectual history version of Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon. His motto: "Everything is connected." As in earlier books, Burke tweaks the form a bit, this time offering 25 pairs of parallel narratives; each pair starts with one "trigger event," then they diverge and reconverge at the end (hence the book's title). Want to know how the Boston Tea Party led to the development of contact lenses, or The Marriage of Figaro to the F-117A stealth fighter? Burke can tell you, following two simultaneous threads that careen off in wildly different directions from the "trigger event," then create the conditions for the end result. One could complain that his connections are sometimes tenuous at best, more synchronicity than cause-and-effect, but that would miss the point-the real fun is in Burke's dry wit and his sheer exuberance as he takes us through centuries of history in mere pages, only to pick a new starting point and do it all over again. B illus.Copyright 2003 Reed Business Information, Inc.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Burke's book requires physical effort from the reader, and this inventive impresario of science history warns that peeking ahead spoils the fun. But later about that: first, the substance here is Burke's forte, showing the connections that come together in a particular technology. One reason for Burke's popularity is his irreverent snarkiness, for the characters in these two-dozen stories are invariably "nerds" and "freaks." Plus, everybody seems to be in a tizzy about some device, poem, or courtesan while en route in Burke's tales from, for example, the opening night of The Marriage of Figaro to the stealth fighter. To structure his trips, such as the one from Mozart to the F-117, Burke seizes on two individuals connected to an event or place and divides their stories into two distinct narratives. You're to read "Track One" on the left-hand pages, then flip back for "Track Two" on the right-hand ones. The author then springs his surprise--the contraption that unites the two tracks. Burke is as quirky and entertaining as ever. Gilbert TaylorCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	"James Burke is a favorite author of mine."	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	James Burke is the author of several bestselling books, including Circles, American Connections, and The Knowledge Web. He is a monthly columnist at Scientific American and also serves as director, writer, and host of the television series Connections 3 on The Learning Channel. He is the founder of the James Burke Institute for Innovation in Education, whose flagship project, the Knowledge Web, an interactive website, was recently launched. He lives in London.	      --This text refers to the 							Paperback	 edition.	Chapter One: 1804: Attack on Tripoli to Fish Sticks  The first time the United States directly attacked Tripoli was at 9:47 P.M. on September 4, 1804. Under the watchful eye of the USS Constitution, the fireship USS Intrepid, packed with gunpowder and shells, sneaked into Tripoli harbor and blew itself up. This incursion was in response to four years of attacks by Tripoli pirates on American Mediterranean shipping, with the loss of one American ship and her three-hundred-person crew, at the time of the attack languishing in Tripoli jails (and, soon after, released).  Track One  The man controlling events that night, and in overall command (of the Constitution, three schooners, and eight other ships: a total of 156 guns and 1,060 sailors), was the bad-tempered Commodore Edward Preble, a veteran of the War of Independence. Preble had been ordered to make his base at Valetta on the island of Malta but, for various reasons, preferred Syracuse on the island of Sicily. Malta was British at the time, which might have had something to do with Preble's Sicily decision. At one point, Preble and his fellow officers dined with a visiting (and rather inquisitive) Brit, who, unknown to Preble, was working as spy and dispatch-writer for the Governor of Malta, Alexander Ball; Ball, a naval officer (and friend of Nelson), was an old hand at running ships and islands but less good at prose. The scribbler in question had left England for Malta for reasons of health and was, by this time, trying (and failing) to kick his opium habit, while continuing to pen the stuff that would make him one of the most famous of all Romantic poets: Samuel Taylor Coleridge. In 1805 -- having failed to give up drugs and yearning for the drizzle -- Coleridge left Malta for London, via Rome, where he heard the news that Napoleon had him marked for assassination because of some earlier article he'd written in the Morning Post. The purveyor of this tidbit was the Prussian representative to the Vatican, Wilhelm von Humboldt.   By this point Wilhelm was a well-known esthete with some major literary criticism work behind him. He would also go on to become a lead player in comparative linguistics and fail to complete a great work on some obscure Javanese dialect. Prussian liberals like Wilhelm helped bring about teacher-training reforms and the establishment of a university in Berlin. They also talked a lot (cautiously) about civil rights and how the powers of the state should be limited. Most of this spirited chatter went on at the Berlin elite-meet salon (where Wilhelm dropped in from time to time) run by the extraordinary Rahel Varnhagen von Ense (ne Levin), upwardly mobile daughter of a rich businessman. To her contemporaries, von Ense was the most cultured woman in Europe (only Mme de Stal might have disagreed). For a few years at the beginning of the century, von Ense organized gatherings that attracted princes, commoners, composers (Mendelssohn), thinkers (Goethe), poets (Heine), Jews and Christians, Germans and foreigners. You were welcome if you had a point of view, a witty tongue, or intellectually demanding matters to reveal. As was the case with the Reverend Friedrich Schleiermacher, a salon regular and local preacher. Schleiermacher was to religion what the Romantics were to the arts: a reaction to the rational excesses of the Enlightenment. He held that belief wasn't something to be objectively analyzed and dissected. Au contraire. It was a "mystical," utterly "subjective" experience that left the believer with a "feeling" of "absolute dependence." It was only though this immersion in the "sensation" of belief that one came to God. (If you read only what was in quotation marks, you've read key words from the Romantic Movement manifesto.)  In 1824 one of Schleiermacher's minor pieces (on the Gospel of St. Luke) was translated into English, and so impressed the ecclesiastical powers-that-were that it achieved for the translator the prestige job of bishop of St. David's in Wales. The high-flyer in question rejoiced in the anagram-fodder name of Connop Thirlwall. Began as a priest, then became a lawyer, then a classics don at Cambridge -- where he made waves by saying that low-church Protestants should be let into the Church of England -- was fired, became vicar of a church in bucolic nowhere, then finished his multivolume History of Greece, and was elevated to the episcopacy. Thirlwall's History was published by the then-famous Dionysius Lardner. Regarded as a major science popularizer (or charlatan, depending on who was regarding), Lardner forecast the link to India through the Red Sea long before the Suez Canal, and lobbied for transatlantic steamships when people thought the idea of dropping sail was crazy. It was during his early years as professor of natural philosophy and astronomy at London University that he began his great Cabinet Cyclopedia (133 volumes, edited over twenty years -- the Encarta of its day). Contributors were legendary, including Charles Macintosh, Sir Walter Scott, Sismondi, and Herschel. Lardner also included a young writer trying to make money to support her child after her husband had been drowned in a sailing accident in Italy in 1822. Mary Shelley -- author of Frankenstein, pal of Byron, daughter of feminist Mary Wollstonecraft, fancied by French novelist-antiquarian Prosper Mrime, grieving and beautiful widow of tragic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley -- was everything a Romantic was supposed to be. In her later years she scraped a living from writings, which included the piece for Lardner on Italian literature.   Mary dedicated her last effort (Rambles in Germany and Italy, 1844) to a longtime friend, one of those poets who sink almost without trace. Ever heard of Samuel Rogers's "The Pleasures of Memory," 1792? What Rogers lacked in talent he made up for in generosity. Having inherited a fortune at a young age, he proceeded (via a large and expensively decorated London house) to entertain anybody who wrote better poetry than he did. This had to be a great many and included Byron, Shelley, Wordsworth, and Sheridan. All his life, Rogers continued to churn out poetry so bad that only he would publish it. Nonetheless, he must have impressed a senior bureaucrat because when Wordsworth died in 1850, Rogers was offered the poet laureateship. He declined the honor, so they gave it to somebody named Tennyson, by this time pulling out of a struggle with booze and with some very respectable work behind him. Tennyson was the Victorian poet par excellence, all gloom and saccharine. Apart from one foot wrong -- written during the Crimean War ("The Charge of the Light Brigade" hinted at such incompetence in the army that it outraged every right-thinking harrumph) -- Tennyson could do no wrong, especially after Queen Victoria gave him the ultimate nod. Throughout his writing career, Tennyson returned again and again to his love of the medieval and in particular King Arthur, with highly polished stuff like "Morte d'Arthur" and "The Lady of Shalott." Tennyson's knights-of-old flimflam fired the callow imaginations of every undergraduate, particularly those of William Morris and his pals Burne-Jones and Rossetti, who took medievalry further over the top, inventing the Pre-Raphaelite school of painting, and cutesy pseudo-fourteenth-century Arts and Crafts wooden furniture and flowered wallpaper that gave you eyestrain. All of which made them a fortune when it hit late Industrial Revolution consumers beginning to yearn for the imagined simplicity and tranquillity of a recently bygone age of prefactory country pleasures. This attempt to return to the purer life, of a time before the downtrodden proletariat existed, sprang from Morris's dyed-in-the-wool socialism.   This he shared with George Bernard Shaw, a down-at-heel, frayed-cuff, would-be journalist, who joined Morris's Socialist League in 1888. In 1893 Shaw caused a furor with his first (censored) play, about a prostitute. Pungent on-stage social comment followed in the shape of boffo successes like: The Devil's Disciple, Major Barbara, Pygmalion (in a later existence, My Fair Lady), and Arms and the Man. By the time he died at ninety, Shaw was considered the world's greatest living dramatist. Shaw socked it to all forms of what he considered humbug. Back in 1875 he wiped the floor with the visiting (and renowned) American evangelist Dwight Moody, after attending one of Moody's music-and-prayer revivalist meetings. Moody, who'd started life as a boot salesman, set the mold for revivalists thereafter: rugged physique, dark suit, homespun philosophy, plain ungrammatical language, and the message that God loved you no matter what.  This approach went over very big with a medical student, Wilfred Grenfell, who went on to became a medical missionary to deep-sea sailors. In 1892 he visited Labrador and was so shocked by the poverty that he stayed longer and set up the Labrador Mission. When he quit, forty years later, the Mission consisted, among other things, of six hospitals, seven nursing stations, four schools, a lumber-mill cooperative, clothing distributors, and four hospital ships. In 1912 one of the temporary hospital-ship staff was a young man who had previously worked in the Labrador fur trade. He noticed that on days when the temperature was fifty below, whenever the local natives pulled fish out of the water, the catch instantly froze. And months later, when they thawed the fish out, he noticed that some of them showed signs of life. He tried the same trick on meat and veggies. All of which retained their taste and consistency if they were quick-frozen while still fresh. Could it be made to work on an industrial scale? Back in the States, by 1925 the young man was selling instantly frozen haddock fillets. After which, it was time for Clarence Birdseye to chill out and enjoy well-deserved fame and fortune.   End Track One  Track Two  On board the USS Constitution that night was Lieutenant Isaac Chauncey, who did so well during the Tripoli war he ended up in charge of all naval forces on Lakes Ontario and Erie. Where, from 1813, he ran the first proper arms race in American history, launching ships as fast as he could build them so as to clobber the Brits, who were on the Canadian lakeshore launching ships as fast as they could build them. Before a full trial of strength could happen, the War of 1812 ended. Chauncey's boss was William Jones, who was then invited to become acting treasury secretary. A year later (1814), the new economics czar resigned because his personal finances were in total chaos and he was up to his ears in debt. So, naturally enough, when a decision was made to set up the Second Bank of the United States, Jones was the first choice to be its president. Things at the new bank went rapidly down the drain and included allegations of fraud on the part of Jones. First off, the bank had expanded with dangerous rapidity, and then gave customers such easy terms that everybody and his dog borrowed money and speculation became rife. A month later, when things started going wrong, the bank recalled every loan. Property values dropped fivefold in some places, and all over the nation thousands of individuals and small businesses went bankrupt.  One such loser was would-be bird painter J. J. Audubon, whose Mississippi steamboat enterprise sank like a stone, taking with it the entire savings of a newly immigrant, newly wed couple named Mr. and Mrs. George Keats. Back in England, George's brother, poet John Keats (who'd lent them some of the money), went ballistic, vowing to clobber Audubon at first opportunity. Keats was the archetype of all Romantic poets: produced for only five intense years, was pale and wan, wrote about unrequited love and suicide and lovers' chopped-off heads, and caught the tuberculosis that killed him when still young. Quite apart from American money worries, Keats was always desperately short of cash. So when magazine proprietor and publisher John Taylor not only offered to print Keats's next epic offering, "Endymion," but also to come up with a healthy advance, Keats was as happy as a pig in manure. Taylor himself had, to this point, pursued an innocuous existence as a journalist, publisher, and writer on economic matters. Then in 1859, out of nowhere, came his The Great Pyramid: Why Was It Built? Taylor was convinced the Giza pyramid wasn't Egyptian at all, but had been designed by an Israelite (maybe even Noah himself) acting under divine orders. Furthermore, Taylor opined, the numbers relating to the pyramid's complex dimensions hid a secret, encoded message of universal importance, from you-know-who. This claptrap proved to be irresistible to Charles Piazzi Smyth, who was otherwise totally sane. Smyth was an astronomer, Royal Society fellow, and pal of serious stargazers like Herschel. Nonetheless, bitten by the pyramid bug, at the height of his career he went off to Giza, measured every inch of the pyramid, and in 1865 announced that the "secret code" explained everything in the Old Testament and foretold the Second Coming. As a result of which the Royal Society booted him out.   But others took up the mystery. Was it a coincidence, they asked, that the pyramid "inch" was exactly the same as the Imperial British inch? This fatuous but "strangely convincing" load of hocus-pocus was given the coup de grce in 1880 by the down-and-dirty, in-the-trenches work of archeologist hardhead Flinders Petrie, whose dad had been a Pyramidology convert. Petrie's opinion on the matter was expressed in a paper written after exhaustive measure-and-dig efforts, and called for archaeology to be more brush-and-scrape routine and less now-it-can-be-revealed gobbledygook. His opinion of Pyramidology can be summed up in one word: "garbage." Petrie set the tone for all later excavation, as he went through sites in Egypt and Palestine like a hot knife through butter (cut a trench, look at the layers, reveal the historical sequence). He was able to do this in Palestine, thanks to the energetic Palestine Exploration Fund money-raising capabilities of a great Victorian amateur, George Grove. Grove began as an engineer, working for the likes of shipbuilder Robert Napier and bridge builder Robert Stephenson, then graduated to secretary of the Society of Arts, music criticism and analysis, friendship with the musical greats, first director of the Royal College of Music, and finally, editor of the Dictionary of Music that now bears his name (and saves all of us long research hours in the library).  In 1915 Grove's granddaughter Stella proposed to Peter Eckersley, and they were married. Two years later, Peter joined the Royal Flying Corps as a wireless equipment officer. In 1922 he was working for the radio equipment company (founded by Marconi) to be given the first license for regular radio broadcasts, which Eckersley organized (and took part in as actor, announcer, stage manager, and engineer). For half an hour every Tuesday, his team filled the airwaves for those very few able to hear them. A year later, the monopolistic never-consult-the-listener British Broadcasting Corporation was founded, and Eckersley became chief engineer. His sidekick (assistant engineer) was Noel Ashbridge, who later rose to a position in which he made the crucial decision about which system ought to be chosen for the BBC's first TV broadcasts. He chose the twenty-five-frames-per-second, major-user-of-bandwidth, 405-line-scan approach pioneered by an extraordinary Russian immigrant named Isaac Schoenberg. The result, in London on November 2, 1936, was the world's first high-definition TV broadcast. Plaudits all round, and eventually (in the case of Schoenberg and Ashbridge) ennoblement as Sirs. Not so Eckersley, who was involved in a divorce and a whiff of scandal unacceptable to Auntie Beeb. Eckersley actually resigned (these were the days when standards were high and radio announcers wore evening dress). Schoenberg had earlier set up the first radio stations in Russia, before leaving in 1914 for pastures Western and more democratic.   Apart from Schoenberg's success with TV, he made another right move in 1929 when he hired a young engineer, Alan Blumlein, to develop a system which would save Schoenberg (and the Beeb) from having to pay through the nose for American sound-recording equipment royalties. Blumlein produced the required system, and then in 1931 filed the patent for a technique that would generate the kind of sound to be enjoyed when the listener was using more than one ear. In 1934 Blumlein recorded Beecham conducting Mozart, with a recording stylus vibrating in two directions (in response to two incoming signals): one vertical and the other (in the same groove) lateral. We call what Blumlein made possible "stereo." Stereo first hit the general public in 1940 with Walt Disney's Fantasia, recorded in stereo by the Philadelphia Orchestra and conducted by Leopold Stokowski, who believed Hollywood could bring good music to the masses. Initially, he was wrong. It would take until 1960 for the mix of Mickey Mouse and the music of Bach, Tchaikovsky, Dukas, Stravinsky, Beethoven, Ponchielli, Mussorgsky, and Schubert to become a cult hit. In the end, Stokowski's innovative approach (free breathing for the wind and free bowing for the strings, which produced the rich "Stokowski sound") and his penchant toward modern composers like Berg, Schoenberg, and such, made the Philadelphia old fogies see red, and Stokowski left for a flamboyant superstar life that included marriage to a Vanderbilt.   One of his pals was perhaps unexpected for someone so extravagant. Irving Langmuir was a self-effacing chemist (Nobel, 1932) whose research ran the gamut from ice crystals in clouds and floating seaweed orientation to smoke screens and (his main obsession) molecular and atomic structures. This included some original thinking about valence and bonding (the way in which atoms could share electrons). Langmuir's results encouraged chemists to approach the whole matter of how molecules happened in ways that turned out to have some interesting potential. At least it did for Thomas Midgley, working for a lab in Dayton, Ohio, and asked by his boss to solve the problem of knock (incomplete combustion in the cylinder, and no good for cars or drivers). Taking Langmuir's how-molecules-come-together approach to the elements, Midgley went through every single one of them, looking for molecular arrangement that might do what was needed.   Six years of minutiae later, in 1921 he found it: tetraethyl lead (the additive that gave gasoline the name "leaded"). Encouraged by this discovery, Midgley's boss then asked for a nontoxic, nonflammable refrigerant (those available at the time tended to leak and kill owners as they slept). When Midgley had it (this time it took him only three days), at the American Chemical Society meeting in 1930 he inhaled a lungful (to show it was nontoxic) and blew out a candle when he exhaled (to show it was nonflammable). The new wonder product became known as Freon. Ironic that decades later Midgley's wonder chemicals should turn out to be bad for the individual (lead poisoning) and bad for the planet (ozone hole).   End Track Two  And Finally...  Thus it was that when Clarence Birdseye's early fresh-frozen fillets were coming off his superchilled production line, Midgley's Freon-filled refrigerators were there to store them in. Fish sticks were here to stay.  Copyright  2003 by London Writers	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
ACDelco 38008 Belt Idler Pulley /SEP/ ACDelco 38008 Belt Idler Pulley. Professional Automotive Belt Tensioners and PulleysGreat performance at a great price that's ACDelco Professional Belts and Hoses. With a full range of Belts and Hoses, as well as Belt Tensioners and Pulleys, Timing Component Kits, Oil Seals Hose-Bending Coils, Clamps, and Bulk Hose Products, the ACDelco Professional line can meet all of your Belt and Hose needs and your budget.Built to look and fit like the original GM part, ACDelco Professional Automotive Belt Tensioners and Pulleys are an ideal replacement for worn equipment. The perfect complement to our full line of belts, ACDelco Belt Tensioners and Pulleys are the pro's choice.
Lafayette /SEP/ Lafayette. Appearing at a time when there is a new wave of interest in America's Founding Fathers, this well-written and well-researched biography should appeal to traditional political historians and informed lay readers alike. The author, a journalist and biographer, makes no secret of his great admiration for Lafayette, whom he presents as a "gallant knight" and true believer in American republican and constitutional ideals. Critical of historiographical interpretations that have painted Lafayette in either a romanticized or a cynical way, Unger aims to recount objectively the Frenchman's contributions to the great events of his age the American War of Independence and the French Revolutions of 1789 and 1830. The first biography of Lafayette to appear in almost 20 years, this text is noteworthy for the attention it gives to Lafayette's personal friendship with George Washington and for its careful reconstruction of the role Lafayette played in diplomatic and economic issues of importance to the fledgling American nation. Unger implies that Lafayette's "distaste for political leadership" and his consistent rejection of both political and military power may have played a role in allowing "madmen and fanatics" like Robespierre to rise to power. Although his biases against the French radical republicans are clear, Unger has succeeded in his goal of restoring Lafayette to his rightful place in Western political history. For all libraries. Marie Marmo Mullaney, Caldwell Coll., NJCopyright 2002 Cahners Business Information, Inc.	* Appearing at a time when there is a new wave of interest in America's Founding Fathers, this well-written and well-researched biography should appeal to traditional political historians and informed lay readers alike. The author, a journalist and biographer, makes no secret of his great admiration for Lafayette, whom he presents as a "gallant knight" and true believer in American republican and constitutional ideals. Critical of historiographical interpretations that have painted Lafayette in either a romanticized or a cynical way, Unger aims to recount objectively the Frenchman's contributions to the great events of his age-the American War of Independence and the French Revolutions of 1789 and 1830. The first biography of Lafayette to appear in almost 20 years, this text is noteworthy for the attention it gives to Lafayette's personal friendship with George Washington and for its careful reconstruction of the role Lafayette played in diplomatic and economic issues of importance to the fledgling American nation. Unger implies that Lafayette's "distaste for political leadership" and his consistent rejection of both political and military power may have played a role in allowing "madmen and fanaticslike Robespierre to rise to power. Although his biases against the French radical republicans are clear, Unger has succeeded in his goal of restoring Lafayette to his rightful place in Western political history. For all libraries. --Marie Marmo (Library Journal, August 2002)	"A lively and entertaining portrait of one of the most important supporting actors in the two revolutions that transformed the modern world." Susan Dunn, author of Sister Revolutions: French Lightning, American Light"I found Mr. Unger's book exceptionally well done. It's an admirable account of the Marquis' two revolutions -- one might even say his two lives -- the French and the American. It also captures the private Lafayette and his remarkable wife Adrienne in often moving detail." Tom Fleming, Author of Liberty! The American Revolution"Harlow G. Unger has cornered the market on muses to emerge as America's most readable historian. His new biography of the Marquis de Lafayette combines a thoroughgoing account of the age of revolution, a probing psychological study of a complex man, and a literary style that goes down like cream.A worthy successor to his splendid biography of Noah Webster." Florence King, Contributing Editor, National Review"Harlow Ungar's LAFAYETTE is a remarkable and dramatic account of a life as fully lived as it is possible to imagine, that of Gilbert de Motier, Marquis de LaFayette. To American readers Ungar's biography will provide a stark reminder of just how near run a thing was our War of Independence and the degree to which our forefather's victory hinged on the help of our French allies, marshalled for George Washington by his 'adopted' son Lafayette, But even more absorbing and much less well known to the general reader will be Ungar's account of Lafayette's idealistic but naive efforts to plant the fruits of the American democracy he so admired in the unreceptive soil of his homeland. His inspired oratory produced not the constitutional democracy he sought but the bloody Jacobin excesses of the French Revolution. "Father of the French people" he is said to have muttered on his death bed--" as long as they don't have to heed a word that I say to them!" Larry Collins, Co-author of Is Paris Burning? and O Jerusalem	"A lively and entertaining portrait of one of the most important supporting actors in the two revolutions that transformed the modern world." --Susan Dunn, author of Sister Revolutions: French Lightning, American Light  "I found Mr. Unger's book exceptionally well done. It's an admirable account of the Marquis' two revolutions -- one might even say his two lives -- the French and the American. It also captures the private Lafayette and his remarkable wife Adrienne in often moving detail." (Tom Fleming, Author of Liberty! The American Revolution)	In this gripping biography, acclaimed author Harlow Giles Unger paints an intimate and detailed portrait of the heroic young French soldier who, at nineteen, renounced a life of luxury in Paris and Versailles to fight and bleed for libertyat Brandywine, Valley Forge, and Yorktown. A major general in the Continental army, he quickly earned the love of his troops, his fellow commanders, and his commander in chief, George Washington, who called him his adopted son. To the troops, he was the soldiers friend; to Americans all, he was our Marquis.In a tale filled with adventure, romance, and political intrigue, Unger follows Lafayette from the battlefields of North America to the palace of Versailles, where the marquis won the most stunning diplomatic victory in world historyconvincing the French court to send the huge military and naval force needed to win American independence. He then returned to America to lead the remarkable guerrilla campaign in Virginia that climaxed with British surrender at Yorktownand earned him the title Conqueror of Cornwallis. Lafayettes triumph turned to tragedy, however, when he tried to introduce American democracy in his native land. His quest for a constitutional monarchy unwittingly set off the savage French Revolution and plunged Europe into more than a decade of slaughter and war. Declared an enemy of the state, Lafayette fled France only to be imprisoned for five years in an Austrian dungeon, while his wife, Adrienne, and her family festered in prison, awaiting the cruel blade of the guillotine.Based on years of research in France as well as in the United States, Ungers biography reveals how American ambassador James Monroe won Adrienne Lafayettes freedom and helped Lafayettes only son, George-Washington Lafayette, escape France to the safety of his godfathers home in Mount Vernon, even as the guillotine claimed his great-grandmother, grandmother, and aunt.Lafayette is also a compelling romance, as Lafayette and his beloved, Adrienne de Noailles, feast at their sumptuous wedding banquet, dance at Marie Antoinettes lavish palace balls, and embrace in anguish in the ghastly Austrian dungeon that Adrienne and her daughters shared with Lafayette for two brutal years.Inspiring and educational, Lafayette is the dramatic life story of one of the great leaders in American and European history, swept up in the cataclysmic events that spawned the longest-lasting democracy in the New World and prolonged despotism for two centuries in the Old.	Acclaim for LafayetteI found Mr. Ungers book exceptionally well done. Its an admirable account of the marquiss two revolutionsone might even say his two livesthe French and the American. It also captures the private Lafayette and his remarkable wife, Adrienne, in often moving detail. Thomas Fleming, author, Liberty!: The American RevolutionHarlow Ungers Lafayette is a remarkable and dramatic account of a life as fully lived as it is possible to imagine, that of Gilbert de Motier, marquis de Lafayette. To American readers Ungers biography will provide a stark reminder of just how near run a thing was our War of Independence and the degree to which our forefathers victory hinged on the help of our French allies, marshalled for George Washington by his adopted son, Lafayette. But even more absorbing and much less well known to the general reader will be Ungers account of Lafayettes idealistic but naive efforts to plant the fruits of the American democracy he so admired in the unreceptive soil of his homeland. His inspired oratory produced not the constitutional democracy he sought but the bloody Jacobin excesses of the French Revolution.Larry Collins, coauthor, Is Paris Burning? and O Jerusalem!A lively and entertaining portrait of one of the most important supporting actors in the two revolutions that transformed the modern world.Susan Dunn, author, Sister Revolutions: French Lightning, American LightHarlow Unger has cornered the market on muses to emerge as Americas most readable historian. His new biography of the marquis de Lafayette combines a thoroughgoing account of the age of revolution, a probing psychological study of a complex man, and a literary style that goes down like cream. A worthy successor to his splendid biography of Noah Webster.Florence King, Contributing Editor, National ReviewEnlightening! The picture of Lafayettes life is a window to eighteenth- and nineteenth-century history.Michel Aubert La Fayette	HARLOW GILES UNGER is the author of Noah Webster and John Hancock (both from Wiley). A veteran journalist, he was a foreign news editor at the New York Herald Tribune Overseas Service and a foreign correspondent for the Times and the Sunday Times (London). The author of eight books on American education, he lives in New York City and Paris, France.
Brita On Tap Faucet Water Filter System Replacement Filters, White, 1 Count /SEP/ Brita On Tap Faucet Water Filter System Replacement Filters, White, 1 Count. Turn any tap into a sparkling oasis. This Brita filter system attaches easily to home faucets, transforming unpure H2O into clean, great-tasting water. Eliminates 99% of lead, chlorine, and more.Great Tasting Cleaner Water...Instantly. On Tap Faucet Filter Replacement Cartridge - Fits System Model FF-100.  The Brita On Tap Faucet Filterhas been tested and certified in Model FF-100 by NSF International, the nation's leading testing authority for water filtration products, for:  ANSI/NSF Standard No. 53 Health Effects - Reduction of:  Lead Cysts (Cryptosporidium and Giardia) Asbestos Turbidity 0-Dichlorobenzene Alachlor Atrazine Carbofuran 2,4-D Chlordane Heptachlor epoxide Lindane Methoxychlor Trichloroethylene Styrene Toxaphene Chlorobenzene Benzene Endrine Carbon Tetrachloride Simazine Toluene Tetrachloroethylene Ethylbenzene ANSI/NSF Standard No. 42 Aesthetic Effects - Reduction of:  Chlorine - Class I Taste  Odor Hydrogen Sulfide Particulate - Class V  The contaminants or other substances removed or reduced by this water treatment device are not necessarily in all users' water. Filter replacement is essential for product to perform as represented. Filter lasts for 100 gallons (378 liters)* or 4 months, whichever comes first. *Filter life may vary depending on local water conditions.	Keep cleaner*, great-tasting water on tap for drinking and cooking. Easy-to-install Brita Faucet Replacement Filters fit all Brita  Faucet Filtration Systems. Plus 1 filter can replace 750 standard 16 oz  water bottles, saving you money and reducing waste! Each filter lasts for approximately 100 gallons or 4 months. The replacement indicator on your faucet filtration system shows you when its time to change your filter. In a clean, white finish.  *Certified to reduce lead and chlorine (taste and odor). Substances reduced may not be in all users water.
Fujitsu FI-5120C Scanner /SEP/ Fujitsu FI-5120C Scanner. FI-5120C ADF SHTFEDSCAN 30PPM SCSI USB2.0
Mario Power Tennis /SEP/ Mario Power Tennis. This is the game Mario Power Tennis . We stand by our products and offer a 60 day guarantee. If a game does not work within 60 days from the time you receive it we will gladly exchange it for you.
APPLE M9267G/A DVI To Video Adapter /SEP/ APPLE M9267G/A DVI To Video Adapter. The Apple DVI to Video Adapter was designed specifically to allow Power Mac G5 systems users to connect from the DVI port to S-video or Composite video devicessuch as TVs, VCRs, or overhead projectors with S-Video or RCA (Composite) connectors. The Apple DVI to Video Adapter is designed to work with the DVI porton the Power Mac G5 system only. Use a separate DVI to VGA Adapter for VGA video out for Power Mac G5 (included with all Power Mac G5 systems or available for order as a standalone kit).  Important:  Requires Power Mac G5 with DVI port.
Homestead: Modern Pioneers Pursuing the Edge of Possibility /SEP/ Homestead: Modern Pioneers Pursuing the Edge of Possibility. *Starred Review*  Although this volume is nonfiction, its primary audience will be readers of Kirkpatrick's inspirational fiction. In 1982, Kirkpatrick and her husband bought 160 acres along the John Day River in eastern Oregon, thinking they would retreat to the simple life. Drought, accidents, battles with rattlesnakes, loneliness, and financial duress followed, but so did a marvelous life. Fans of Kirkpatrick's novels about pioneers will be charmed to see that the author has experienced a lot of the hardships she writes about. But any American can respond to a memoir such as this, about the dream that for most remains a dream. John MortCopyright  American Library Association. All rights reserved	Jane Kirkpatrick is the best-selling author of two nonfiction books and nine novels, including A Name of Her Own and the acclaimed Kinship and Courage series. Jane is a winner of the coveted Wrangler Award from the Western Heritage Center and National Cowboy Hall of Fame. A licensed clinical social worker as well as an inspirational retreat leader and speaker, she lives with her husband still on those 160 acres in eastern Oregon.
Apple Optical Mouse - White /SEP/ Apple Optical Mouse - White. Apple's digital optical mouse -- built for speed and with a fluid elliptical shape for easy handling.  The Apple Mouse is available as a kit for purchase to complement your Apple system. It can be used with all USB-equipped Apple Macs.  The Apple Mouse has no rollers or tracking mechanisms to wear out or clog, and no mouse balls to fish out and clean. Besides all that, there's no distinguishable mouse button. Instead, the entire Apple Mouse is in effect a super-sensitive button - the body pivots up and down to actuate the click mechanism. The elliptical shape equally accommodates right and left-handed users, and its glass-smooth surface makes it a joy to use.  The Apple Mouse uniquely combines simplicity, elegance and precision to deliver a superior mouse experience.Its ideal when working with applications like Photoshop or Illustrator which require precision cursor movement. Its equally adept on most any surface and maintains accuracy even during rapid movement.	M5769 APPLE PRO MOUSE APPLE OPTICAL BLACK
Cracked Sidewalks and French Pastry: The Wit and Wisdom of Al McGuire /SEP/ Cracked Sidewalks and French Pastry: The Wit and Wisdom of Al McGuire. "Tom Kertscher's book-both words and pictures-helps shed additional light on the complex, complicated, and intelligent man that was Al McGuire."-Dean Smith, coach of the University of North Carolina Tarheels, who lost the 1977 national championship game to Marquette	Tom Kertscher is a legal affairs reporter for the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. As a teenager in Cedarburg, Wisconsin, he closely followed Al McGuire and the Marquette Warriors, especially during their 1977 national championship season.
Novus Polish #1 2oz /SEP/ Novus Polish #1 2oz. If the surface is extremely dirty, apply NOVUS No. 1 liberally and wipe using long, sweeping strokes. Do not use pressure at this time or large dirt particles may scratch the plastic.		Re-apply NOVUS No. 1. Polish using short, circular strokes with a clean portion of the cloth.		When surface is thoroughly clean and uniformly covered, buff to a slippery glaze with a clean portion of the cloth. Surfaces buffed to a high glaze are more resistant to dust and future scratching.		Reapply NOVUS No. 1 regularly to maintain the antistatic, smudge and scratch resistant properties.
Amazon.com: Intimo Men's Classic Silk Knit Thong, Navy, Large: Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Intimo Men's Classic Silk Knit Thong, Navy, Large: Clothing. This ultra-light and elastic men's Silk Knit thong is cool all weather comfort with the freedom that only a thong can offer. This elegant thong is crafted from pure, knitted silk with a gentle stretch that hugs your body.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Original Series (Volume 4) (1987) /SEP/ Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Original Series (Volume 4) (1987). Includes 12 episodes from Season 3 of the Original TV Series
Home with God: In a Life That Never Ends /SEP/ Home with God: In a Life That Never Ends. "Outstanding.... A breathtaking explanation from God about the death experience, and what to expect when we go to the other side." -- Barbara Rose, Ph.D.	      --This text refers to the 							Paperback	 edition.	Neale Donald Walsch devotes histime to sharing the messages of his books through writing, lecturing, and facilitating spiritual renewal retreats. The creator of the School of the New Spirituality and founder of The Group of 1000, a nonprofit organization supporting global spiritual awakening, he lives in Ashland, Oregon, and may be contacted through www.nealedonaldwalsch.com.	Everybody is doing everything for themselves. . . . When you understand that this is true even about dying,you will never fear dying again.1It is impossible to live or to die without God, but it is not impossible to think that you are.If you think that you are living or dying without God, you will experience that you are.You may have this experience as long as you wish. You may end this experience whenever you choose.I believe those are holy words. I believe they came directly from God. Those words have been floating around in my mind for the past four years. I see now that they were my invitation. An invitation from God for a larger conversation. You're right. I wanted to make sure that we had this larger conversation, and so I placed those words in your mind every time you thought seriously about life or death, even for a moment. This is a conversation you've been reluctant to have, and have put off repeatedly.Yes, I know. It's not that I'm afraid to talk deeply about life, or even about death, it's just that these are very complex subjects and I wanted to make sure I was really prepared to enter into a huge conversation about them. I wanted to be psychologically and, well, I guess, spiritually ready.Do you feel that you are now?I hope so. I can't keep putting off this conversation forever. Even if I tried, you'd just keep placing those words into my head. That's right, I would. Because those are the words I want you to hear even if you never get to the rest of the conversation. Okay, I've heard them.I want you to hear them over and over again.It is impossible to live or to die without God, but it is not impossible to think that you are.If you think that you are living or dying without God, you will experience that you are.You may have this experience as long as you wish. You may end this experience whenever you choose.Those words convey all that anyone who is afraid of living or dying will ever need to know. Then we can end the conversation right here.We can. How deep do you wish to go in your higher understandings? Should you choose to continue with this conversation, I will present you with 100 more words -- a 100 Word Formula for All of Life. Well, there's a tease.That's exactly what it was meant to be.And it worked. I'm not about to cut the conversation short now. So here I am having a conversation with God about living and dying. Again. Yes, but looking at many things that we have never discussed before.Who would believe this . . .It doesn't matter. You're not having the conversation for anyone else, you're having it for yourself.I have to keep reminding myself of that.So often people see themselves as doing something for someone else when they're really doing it for themselves. Everybody is doing everything for themselves. When you awaken to this awareness, you will have reached Breakthrough. And when you understand that this is true even about dying, you will never fear dying again. And when you no longer fear dying, you will no longer fear living. You will live your life fully, right up until the very last moment.Hold it. Wait a minute. You're saying that when I'm dying, I am doing it for myself?Of course. Who else would you be doing it for?Copyright 2006 by Neale Donald Walsch	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
The Lean Body Promise : Burn Away Fat and Release the Leaner, Stronger Body Inside You /SEP/ The Lean Body Promise : Burn Away Fat and Release the Leaner, Stronger Body Inside You. Lee Labrada has appeared on the covers of more than 100 magazines worldwide and has appeared as a fitness and nutrition expert on ABC's Extreme Makeover, CNBC, FOX, NBC, CBS, CNN, WGN, and ESPN television. He is president and CEO of Labrada Nutrition, an Inc. 500 company. Lee was the mayorally appointed Fitness Czar of Houston, Texas, credited with helping the city shed its "Fattest City" title in 2004. Lee holds twenty-two professional bodybuilding titles, including Mr. Universe, and is an IFBB Pro Bodybuilding Hall of Fame inductee. Born in Cuba, he lives in Houston, Texas.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
Bliss Super Slough Scrub Fresh Fresh Foaming Skin-Smoothing Body Buff Body Scrubs /SEP/ Bliss Super Slough Scrub Fresh Fresh Foaming Skin-Smoothing Body Buff Body Scrubs. Won't Dry Out Skin Like SoapIt could be the fresh scent, the frisk of the scrub, or the finely-tuned foaming. Whatever it is, Bliss's bestselling Super Slough Scrub gets everyone's vote. It gently exfoliates with jojoba beads and pumice, suds to effectively cleanse the skin, and has a clean, fantastically fresh unisex scent.Jojoba beads and pumice gently exfoliateHydrating ingredients ensure it won't dry out skin like regular soapClean, fantastically fresh unisex scent16.4 oz.Especially Suited For:  All skin types Essential Elements:  It gently exfoliates with jojoba beads and pumice.Free of:  Parabens For Best Effect:Apply a handful of Bliss Super Slough Scrub to damp skin, then massage in circular motions, doubling up on elbows, knees, and feet. Rinse well and apply your favorite body moisturizer. Note: Performed regularly, intensive scrubbing with Bliss Super Slough Scrub may lead to a slightly noticeable tightening and toning of flabby arm muscles you might otherwise never get around to exercising.
Too Loud, Too Bright, Too Fast, Too Tight: What to Do If You Are Sensory Defensive in an Overstimulating World /SEP/ Too Loud, Too Bright, Too Fast, Too Tight: What to Do If You Are Sensory Defensive in an Overstimulating World. Heller, a developmental psychologist, knows firsthand how difficult life can be for people suffering from sensory defensiveness (SD). Symptoms include flinching from touch; overly acute senses of smell; fear of escalators; irritation at certain lights; and eating disorders. While these symptoms are often present from birth, for many other people they can be triggered by some traumatic event. Adding to the pain is the difficulty in diagnosing this ailment-some sufferers are told they have ADD or autism. Heller briefly discusses her own successful therapy and how it transformed her life. The book includes four sections-the first two focus on an overview of the condition, and the second two examine treatment, including diet, medication and relaxation techniques. Useful appendices list alternative treatments and resources. The writing is clear and relatively jargon-free, and sprinkled throughout the book are anecdotes from patients who have successfully battled SD. Patients who have this condition will find this book reassuring, especially since Heller discusses a treatment and usually follows up with a real-life scenario. For example, the section on light therapy ends with a success story of a woman who had learned to cope with her light sensitivity: "[Anna] realized that her eyes were wide open, no longer slits. She had spent years walking around in a haze, blinded by glare, with her brain taking in only a sliver of light." For people with SD, this title will wonderfully supplement their medical treatment. Copyright 2002 Reed Business Information, Inc.	Dr. Sharon Heller has written a fascinating account of how sensation can run amok and cause problems.  -- New York Newsday	Sharon Heller, Ph.D., is the author of The Vital Touch and teaches courses in psychology. She received her master's degree from the University of Chicago and her doctorate from Loyola University of Chicago. She lives in South Florida.
Inspector Lynley Mysteries: Series 1 /SEP/ Inspector Lynley Mysteries: Series 1. Millions of readers follow the exploits of Inspector Thomas Lynley, eighth Earl of Asherton, and Sergeant Barbara Havers in Elizabeth George's novels. Nathaniel Parker and Sharon Small bring the duo to life in "Well-Schooled in Murder," "For the Sake of Elena," "Payment in Blood," and "Missing Joseph."
Small Animal Water Bottle /SEP/ Small Animal Water Bottle. Flat-Bac 16 oz. Water Bottle is a premium quality bottle with a smooth flat surface that fits tightly against your pets cage. Snap Lock Bottle Bracket easily attaches to the cage and the contoured bottle snaps into a secure position.
The Conformist (NTSC All Regions) (1970) /SEP/ The Conformist (NTSC All Regions) (1970). ** Imported from South Korea.  English language.  Removable subtitles in English and Korean. **  This story opens in 1938 in Rome, where Marcello has just taken a job working for Mussollini and is courting a beautiful young woman who will make him even more of a conformist. Marcello is going to Paris on his honeymoon and his bosses have an assignment for him there. Look up an old professor who fled Italy when the fascists came into power. At the border of Italy and France, where Marcello and his bride have to change trains, his bosses give him a gun with a silencer. In a flashback to 1917, we learn why sex and violence are linked in Marcello's mind.
Daily Dose of Dharma with Danica McKellar /SEP/ Daily Dose of Dharma with Danica McKellar. Actress Danica McKellar (TV's The Wonder Years, The West Wing, and author of Math Doesn't Suck) knows the benefits that yoga and meditation provide in her busy life and now shares her passion for both in her new 2 DVD set compilation Daily Dose of Dharma with Danica McKellar.  Danica teams up with her mother and world-renown meditation instructor Mahaila McKellar, and certified yoga instructor Christy Marsden, for the DVD collection that takes viewers step-by-step towards a powerful reconnection of mind, body and soul. A student of yoga for six years and meditation for 15 years, Danica has found that these techniques help her to find calmness and energy in the midst of her especially busy schedule. Even with heavy constraints on her time, Danica manages to practice yoga and meditation for at least 20 or 30 minutes each day. Wanting to share this with others, she and her mother created Daily Dose of Dharma to help people who do not have hours to dedicate to their physical and mental fitness, but who want to stay healthy and fit, centered, peaceful and productive.	Daily Dose of Dharma with Danica McKellar is an invigorating DVD collection that includes eight 10-20 minute yoga and meditation segments, making it the perfect tool for those who have little time and want to re-energize and release stress.  These compact programs give people a chance to get a daily dose of renewing energy and relaxation in their otherwise busy lives. This exclusive DVD collection features a simple and easy-to-use menu, eight flexible, customizable programs to fit any schedule.  Segments include Intro to Meditation and Intro to Yoga, which provide detailed instruction for beginners, making it easy for anyone to learn these life-changing techniques. The programs are created primarily for those at a beginner's or intermediate's level, while the exotic settings, inspirational music, and flexibility of the programs are a delightful change of pace for the expert as well. Daily Dose of Dharma is the first yoga and meditation DVD set to be filmed on the beautiful coastline beaches and the luxuriously peaceful greenery of Lanai, Hawaii.  Viewers will find themselves instantly transported to exotic locales and breathtakingly beautiful vistas, with inspiring, original music written specifically for each program by internationally acclaimed composer Mike Verta. Presented in 5.1 Dolby Digital surround sound, this immersive audio and visual experience lifts viewers out of the chaotic stress of everyday life, and onto an enlightened path a path to greater strength, clarity, and confidence.
Fast Five (2011) /SEP/ Fast Five (2011). More is less is generally the case with blockbuster sequels these days, with budgetary bloat often overshadowing the qualities that made the original film click with audiences. The Fast and the Furious movies, however, somehow manage to spin doughnuts around this concept of diminishing returns, with each installment becoming more ridiculously entertaining. Fast Five may be the most overblown entry in the series to date (which is saying quite a bit), but there's a dunderheaded earnestness to it that's hard to resist. This time around, Vin Diesel and Paul Walker and Co. go for an Ocean's 11 vibe--swapping out the Armani and martinis for Ed Hardy and Muscle Milk--as the gang go on the lam in Rio following a botched train heist. On the lookout for one final big score, they set their sights on bankrupting the local kingpin (an admirably straight-faced Joaquim de Almeida), calling in seemingly every character in the mythos for help. Stuff goes vroom and boom in mass quantities. Perhaps realizing that the formula may be in danger of reaching its shelf date, returning director Justin Lin here livens things up by bringing in Dwayne Johnson as a federal agent with a fearsome grudge. When he and Diesel eventually throw down, the building-busting destruction recalls the immortal War of the Gargantuas. Viewers in the mood for a little logic with their explosions may initially scoff, but by the time the final chase scene rolls around (an outrageously sustained kinetic set piece that would make Wile E. Coyote proud) it's tough to keep back the grins. Heaven only knows what the next sequel will bring (Send them back to colonial times? A race against Cthulhu in outer space? Pit them against Dick Dastardly and Muttley?), but there's every confidence that these folks will somehow pull it off. --Andrew Wright	Fugitive Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) partners with former cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) on the opposite side of the law in exotic Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. There they are hunted by a high-powered US strike force led by their toughest Fed (Dwayne Johnson) and an army of corrupt cops working for a ruthless drug kingpin. To gain their freedom and win this ultimate high-stakes race, they must pull off one last job -- an insane heist worth $100 million.
Takacs Quartet: Death and the Maiden (2006) /SEP/ Takacs Quartet: Death and the Maiden (2006). The Takacs Quartet performs Beethoven's String Quartet in F, Op. 59, No. 1 "Razumovsky," Schubert's String Quartet No. 14 in D minor, D810 "Death And the Maiden,' and Haydn's String Quartet in C, Op. 33, No. 3 "The Bird," filmed at Hopetoun House in Scotl
Goldwell StyleSign Volume Lagoom Jam Gel (5 oz) /SEP/ Goldwell StyleSign Volume Lagoom Jam Gel (5 oz). Formerly Trendline Freeze Putty Quick-drying gel for unlimited volume and root-lift. Strengthens hair. Alcohol free with UV-filter. (5 oz)
PN-60285 Eureka Vacuum Cleaner HEPA Replacement Filter /SEP/ PN-60285 Eureka Vacuum Cleaner HEPA Replacement Filter. 99.97% HEPA filter traps bacteria, pollen, plant-spores, mold, yeast cells, dust down to .03 microns. Replace filter every 3 to 6 months.
CTA Digtal Skin Case for iPod Mini (Armband Blue) /SEP/ CTA Digtal Skin Case for iPod Mini (Armband Blue). Blue Skin Case For iPod Mini with Armband
The Valley of Death: Sergeant Jack Crossman and the Battle of Balaclava /SEP/ The Valley of Death: Sergeant Jack Crossman and the Battle of Balaclava. "- The novel is packed with action... all in all, our hero has more lives than a catl' - Crimean War Research Society - '... details the horrifying truth of the (Crimean) campaign with dash and a very keen eye for historical detail.' - Western Morning News - 'A rousing tale which will entertain all who enjoy historical fiction.' - The War Correspondent - 'The story moves along at a cracking pace. The historical detail is well researched and paints a vivid picture of a British army where supplies are scant... disease is rife and morale is low, yet there is the raw guts of men sent to do a job, regardless of the odds.' - Historical Novel Society	      --This text refers to the 							Paperback	 edition.	Garry Kilworth was raised in South Yemen, the son of an RAF sergeant. Later he served 15 years in the RAF himself. Most recently he was with the British Army in Hong Kong, where he wrote for the South China Morning Post. He now spends his time between Suffolk and Spain, writing full time. He has won many awards for both his children's and adult novels.	      --This text refers to the 							Paperback	 edition.
-475 Viton O-Ring, 75A Durometer, Black, 26&#034; ID, 26-1/2&#034; OD, 1/4&#034; Width (Pack of 10) /SEP/ -475 Viton O-Ring, 75A Durometer, Black, 26&#034; ID, 26-1/2&#034; OD, 1/4&#034; Width (Pack of 10). This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.
The Qu'ran, Women and Modern Society /SEP/ The Qu'ran, Women and Modern Society. Asghar Ali Engineer, Director of Institute of Islamic Studies, Bombay, is an internationally reputed scholar and theologian of Islam. He had written books, research papers and articles on Islamic theology, jurisprudence, history and philosophy, and lectured in many countries. He has participated in Muslim women s movements for their rights, and also actively involved in movements for communal harmony and reform in Bohra community.
Kinflicks: A novel /SEP/ Kinflicks: A novel. An ambitious, funny, lucid, and unfailingly honest novel...No  other writer has yet synthesized [the coming of age in the '60's] as  well as Ms. Alther has.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Amazing...A very funny book, not at all savage, about serious matters. The tone of voice throughout is a tone that has been missing in American fiction for years -- it is the speech of breezy survivors, of Holden Caulfield, Augie March, and, ultimately, Huck Finn.--John Leonard, NY Times Book ReviewSo continuously funny that its wisdom takes you by surprise...We are in the presence of a most powerful and remarkable talent.--Alice Adams, Harper'sAlther dazzles with her range from the human and tragic to the erotic and comic.... She is the kind of writer you want to hear from again.--Joan CrawfordAn almost flawless balance of light and dark, the skittery and the sad.--Mary Cantwell, NY Times Book ReviewGinny is the classic outsider, and her fine sense of the comic permits the novel to approach a kind of high seriousness...A best-seller? Sure. In the august company of THE CATCHER IN THE RYE, PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN and Huck? Yes, indeed.--Saturday ReviewAn ambitious, funny, lucid and unfailingly honest novel ... No other writer has yet synthesised (the coming of age in the 60's) as well as Ms Alther has THE NEW YORKER A strong, salty, original talent ... It made me wonder what Tom Jones would be like written now DORIS LESSING Dazzling talent ... brilliant, compelling ... wildly ribaldly funny PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Orginally published in 1976 and re-released as a Virago Classic, Lisa Alther's Kinflicks remains remarkably fresh and provides the perfect read for a plane ride into another time zone. The hilarious odyssey of Ginny Babcock, a Southern peach gone rotten, Cherry Smyth, AMAZON.CO.UK REVIEW	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Lisa Alther's wonderful first novel -- her large, hilarious, serious, and powerfully affecting story of a young American woman's uproarious tumble through the fads and shocks and essential experiences of the 60's and 70's -- has created a ground swell of advance excitement and admiration, exemplified by the letter from Doris Lessing on the back of the jacket.  Ginny Babcock at twenty-seven, Cast-Out Adulterous Wife and Unfit Mother, is en route to Hullsport, Tennessee, and her own mother's hospital bed (her father is dead, her family home on the auction block). She's groggy with two in-flight martinis, huddled next to the DC-7's emergency exit (My family has always been into death)...  Her home movies -- her uncensored Kinflicks -- unreel: her first Never-Tell padded bra; the first time she made love -- to the hood-about-town, in her parents' bomb shelter (I feared sperm almost as much as I feared Communists); the Hullsport High Romance of the Decade: Flag Swinger Ginny and her Little All-American running back, Joe Bob Sparks (he had a smile in excess of any possible stimulus); Do-It Pruitt, Ginny's grammar school chum who'd gone all the way for all the guys; Ginny hefting a lacquered bouffant like a plastic space helmet; Ginny in the truck of a car, with Joe Bob twisting one of my nipples as though tuning a radio; Ginny at her Ivy League college (a close-fitting coif, wool suits, cameo brooches, low-heeled shoes), starstruck by Spinoza and his scholarly herald, Miss Head...  Ginny abandoning college and The Family and The City, resisting the American Capitalist Imperialist Economy, wearing fatigues and eating whole grain bread you needed diamond-tipped teeth to chew, joining a commune (with other Communists, lesbians, draft-dodgers, atheists, and food stamp recipients); Ginny, housewife (the handsome husband, the darling baby), in the Tupperware party set; Ginny into Transcendental Sex with her war (resister) hero; Ginny as the Madame Bovary of Stark's Bog, Vermont...  Now: Ginny at the hospital, at her mother's side (I have been well and happy, Mother. In between being sick and miserable.) Ginny helplessly watching her mother besieged by doctors, by nurses, by dying (Why was she being treated like an idiot child: Whose body was it?) Ginny nerved for the maternal lecture (Extramarital sex is vulgar. You must do your duty), spending whole afternoons with her mother, the two of them absorbed in, protected by, soap operas (unsurpassed as social realism...almost as tedious as life itself); Ginny beginning (at last) to perceive her mother's life as distinct from her own; Ginny coalescing, moving on...  Absolutely alive and generous, filled with unconstrained laughter and feeling, KINFLICKS will stand as a novel of major importance about mothers and daughters, about friends and lovers, and about becoming a person in our time.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	I very much like this book, am sure Alther will be recognized as a strong, salty, original talent. Is the word I am look for balanced? She does fuse qualities, being robustly despairing, tenaciously critical, yet vigorously creative, grim but comical -- she had me laughing at four in the morning. No man could have written it, but it is very far from being a 'woman's book,' and it made me wonder what TOM JONES would be like, written now. It is the size and scope of the territory Alther claims which is impressive. -- Doris Lessing              It's a delight...Beautifully written, moving, and true. -- Erica Jong	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Lisa Altheris the author of six novels, one novella, a short story collection, a memoir, and a narrative history of the Hatfield-McCoy feud called BLOOD FEUD. Her books have been published in seventeen languages and have appeared on bestseller lists worldwide. She divides her time among Tennessee, Vermont, and New York City.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	From Chapter 3: I was distracted by the presence a few feet away  of Joe Bob Sparks himself, changed into a neat plaid sports shirt and  slacks, his light brown crew cut still damp from the shower.  People  kept clapping him on the back and saying, "Great game, Sparky!"  Joe  Bob would smile his moronic smile and look at the floor with a modest  shrug.  Then, as though in response to my yearnings from the sidelines,  he sauntered up to me, fans falling away from him on every side like  from Christ on Palm Sunday, and introduced himself.  Or rather, he  presented himself, since he correctly assumed that everyone already  knew who he was. "Say hey!" he said with his dopey smile, which  smile I tried to overlook the whole time I dated him.  It was a smile  in excess of any possible stimulus.  In fact, now that I think about  it, Joe Bob's smile was usually unrelated to external stimuli and  generally appeared at the most unlikely or inappropriate times.  This  smile (I dwell on it so obsessively because, like Mona Lisa's, it  embodied his very essence) contorted his entire face.  Most people  smile from their noses downward.  But not Joe Bob.  His smile narrowed  his eyes to slits, raised his cheekbones to temple level, wrinkled his  forehead, and lifted his crew cut.  And in spite of the exaggerated  width of the smile, his lips never parted, probably because of his  omnipresent wad of Juicy Fruit gum, which he minced daintily with his  front teeth.  In short, Joe Bob's smile was demented.  But I managed to  overlook this fact almost until the day I left him because I wasn't  remotely interested in the state of his mind.  It was his remarkable  body that occupied virtually all my thoughts....	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
Post-it Notes, Original Pad, 1-1/2 Inches x 2 Inches, Recycled, Canary Yellow, 12 Pads per Pack /SEP/ Post-it Notes, Original Pad, 1-1/2 Inches x 2 Inches, Recycled, Canary Yellow, 12 Pads per Pack. Post-it(R) Greener Notes in 1.5 in x 2 in size are made from 100% recycled paper and a plant-based adhesive - which means no new trees were used. The plant material used to make the adhesive was replenished after harvesting. Canary Yellow makes your message stand out. 12 Pads/Pack.
Rise & Fall /SEP/ Rise & Fall. 2001 release from the trippy, freewheeling, nine-member group which includes two drummers & four guitarists - often focuses heavily on dark, amphetamine-fueled hard rock skree & titanic singular-riff freakouts (the jagged, sawtooth guitars of the Velvet U
Moog K8705 Bushing Kit /SEP/ Moog K8705 Bushing Kit. Moog Chassis Bushing Kit is designed as stock equipment replacement for . Improves chassis performance, durability and easy to install.
The King's German Legion (1): 1803-12 (Men-at-Arms) (v. 1) /SEP/ The King's German Legion (1): 1803-12 (Men-at-Arms) (v. 1). Packed with specially commissioned artwork, maps and diagrams, the Men-at-Arms series is an unrivalled illustrated reference on the history, organisation, uniforms and equipment of the world's military forces, past and present.	Mike Chappell comes from an Aldershot family with British Army connections stretching back several generations. He enlisted as a teenage private in the Royal Hampshire Regiment in 1952. Over the next 22 years of infantry soldiering, many of them spent with the Gloucester Regiment, he held every rank and many regimental appointments up to WO1 and Regimental Sergeant Major. he retired in 1974, as RSM of the 1st Battalion The Wessex Regiment (Rifle Volunteers), after seeing service in Malaya, Cyprus, Swaziland, Libya, Germany, Ulster and home garrisons. He began painting military subjects in 1968 and since then has gained worldwide popularity as a military illustrator. Mike has also written and illustrated many quality books in the Osprey Military list.
Nadia Boulanger - Mademoiselle (1977) /SEP/ Nadia Boulanger - Mademoiselle (1977). Any composer or educator who needs an antidote to their creative malaise or writer's block should listen to what she has to say about the restorative and ineffable power of music... -- Sequenza 21	This film by Bruno Monsingeon profiles Boulanger and includes works by Mozart, Stravinsky, Boulanger, Brahms, Robert Schumann, Haguenauer, and Bach with performers including Emile Naoumoff, Boulanger, Charles Fisk, Boston Symphony Orchestra, Kathleen Ferr
Art & Perception /SEP/ Art & Perception. Two albums on one CD by Art and his quartet: Art was recorded in 1960 while Perception was done the following year. This release is the fullest and most complete evocation yet of Art Farmer as a soloist. Art had been thinking about and planning for this set for a year before he went into the studio. Over a long period of time, Art picked tunes he liked, including several that are rarely if ever performed in a Jazz context. Featuring Tommy Flanagan, Harold Mabern and Albert 'Tootie' Heath. Gambit. 2006.
Volcano Dark Roast, Organic Kona Hawaiian Coffee Blend, 8 Oz, Whole Bean /SEP/ Volcano Dark Roast, Organic Kona Hawaiian Coffee Blend, 8 Oz, Whole Bean. Volcano, Dark Roast is a superb coffee selection in our Hawaiian Tropical Blend line of superb, handcrafted Hawaiian Blend coffees. 		We hand select only the finest Hawaiian and Tropical coffees and painstakingly blend them to create our outstanding flavor profiles.		Our Volcano, Dark Roast coffee selection has a very smooth texture with a deep, dark, very rich flavor profile. This coffee selection is full of aroma and flavor and is perfect for the coffee lover who prefers a robust cup of coffee. 		Our Volcano, Dark Roast is also ideally suited for espresso use.		All of our coffee selections are freshly roasted immediately before they are packaged and shipped to you. All of our coffee selections are Organic and Fair Trade.
The Spirit of the Sword: The Complete TV Series (2007) /SEP/ The Spirit of the Sword: The Complete TV Series (2007). SPIRIT OF THE SWORD - DVD Movie
Many Faces of Art Farmer /SEP/ Many Faces of Art Farmer. First time on CD for the album The Many Faces of Art Farmer (1964) plus Mundell Lowe's arrangement of Gershwin's Porgy & Bess (1958) featuring Art Farmer and Ben Webster. On The Many Faces Of..., Farmer surrounded himself with splendid musicians like alto saxophonist Charles McPherson, pianist Tommy Flanagan and bassist Ron Carter. As a bonus to this outstanding LP, we have added another equally rare album. Although this selection of tunes from Gershwin's Porgy & Bess  was arranged by guitarist Mundell Lowe and originally released under his name, both Art Farmer and Ben Webster shine on it as featured soloists. 17 tracks total.
The Tarot of the Orishas: j23Complete Kit /SEP/ The Tarot of the Orishas: j23Complete Kit. From a very young age, Zolrak followed a path which led him to spirituality, developing his mediumistic ability over the years. He studied and taught Kardecist Spiritualism, improving his skills as a medium. Zolrak does not limit his religious knowledge to Spiritualism but extends it to include various points of view. He graduated as a Professor of Cultural Parapsychology, Mental Control and Scientific Astrology and holds a Doctorate in Parapsychology.  With a solid university background, he was accepted into the School of Law and Social Sciences at the Argentina University of Enterprises and graduated with a License in Public Relations.
Stormtroopers of Death: Kill Yourself - The Movie (2001) /SEP/ Stormtroopers of Death: Kill Yourself - The Movie (2001). New York's masters of mayhem are back with their most  ridiculous trick ever! This DVD video captures the highlights of the past year of insanity including live footage, behind the scenes footage, and all around "kick your ass" S.O.D. attitude. S.O.D. is composed of members of Anthrax, Brutal Truth, and M.O.D.
Dentyne Ice Vanilla Chill, 12-Count (Pack of 12) /SEP/ Dentyne Ice Vanilla Chill, 12-Count (Pack of 12). INDICATIONS: New Dentyne Ice Sugarless Gum, Vanilla Chill is Not a low calorie food. Artificially flavored. Nothing's colder than ice.
The Dialogue - An Interview with Screenwriter Stuart Beattie (2004) /SEP/ The Dialogue - An Interview with Screenwriter Stuart Beattie (2004). Informative, insightful and real. If you're looking for tips, technique or advice from professionals at the top of their craft, search no further than this outstanding series. --Rawson Marshall Thurber, Writer/Director: DODGEBALL, MYSTERIES OF PITTSBURGH	"I love films that are simple stories with complex characters."  -Stuart Beattie Australian screenwriter Stuart Beattie is credited with having written the role no one ever thought they'd see Tom Cruise play: Vincent, the riveting homicidal hit man in Beattie's original screenplay, Collateral, directed by Michael Mann (The Insider, Heat). After 15 years in the business, Beattie has learned a thing or two about how to make characters and plots sing (or sting) on the page. And his long-gestating idea for a rejuvenation of the pirate movie eventually hit pay dirt with the Jerry Bruckheimer blockbuster, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, on which he has story credit. Listen in as Beattie describes what it feels like when Tom Cruise looks like he wants to kill you, where the best story ideas come from, and how to stay passionate when you can't even get your mother to read your screenplays.	WRITER: STUART BEATTIE --- Australian screenwriter STUART BEATTIE is credited with having written the role no one ever thought they'd see Tom Cruise play: Vincent, the riveting homicidal hit man in Beattie's original screenplay, Collateral, directed by Michael Mann (The Insider, Heat). After 15 years in the business, Beattie has learned a thing or two about how to make characters and plots sing (or sting) on the page. And his long-gestating idea for a rejuvenation of the pirate movie eventually hit pay dirt with the Jerry Bruckheimer blockbuster, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, on which he has story credit. Listen in as Beattie describes what it feels like when Tom Cruise looks like he wants to kill you, where the best story ideas come from, and how to stay passionate when you can't even get your mother to read your screenplays.	HOST: MIKE DE LUCA --- As President of Production at New Line Cinema, MIKE DE LUCA shepherded such groundbreaking films as Se7en, Boogie Nights, and Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me. A film fanatic and former screenwriter, he went on to a brief tenure as President of Production at DreamWorks SKG. In 2004, he set up shop at Columbia Pictures where he produced Zathura and Ghost Rider.	THE DIALOGUE: Learning From the Masters is a groundbreaking interview series that goes behind the scenes of the fascinating craft of screenwriting. In these extensive in-depth discussions with savvy industry interviewers, 27 of today's most successful screenwriters share their work habits, methods and inspirations, secrets of the trade, business advice, and eye-opening stories from life in the trenches of the film industry. Each screenwriter discusses his or her filmography in great detail and breaks down the mechanics of one favorite scene from their produced work. These incisive discussions are essential viewing for anyone wanting to learn the screenwriting trade, film lovers of all types, and industry professionals in other fields. The writers' insights about the screenwriting life are rare and indispensable tools for how to make your screenplays better and crack the Hollywood code: the hard-earned practical and tactical wisdom of those already thriving in the industry. It's powerful knowledge - straight from the source. YOU MAY BUY THESE DVDS ONE AT A TIME, OR TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR SPECIALLY PRICED BUNDLES: 1) THE ENTIRE COLLECTION; 2) COMEDY WRITERS; 3) DRAMA WRITERS; 4) WRITING TEAMS; 5) OSCAR NOMIMEES & WINNERS; 6) HORROR WRITERS; 7) WOMEN WRITERS; AND 8) ACTION WRITERS.
Ducane 20171101 Premium Gas Grill Cover - Single Shelf Only - Model Numbers Ducane 804, 805,1005,1204,1205, current 436 sq in grills 12002101,12007101,12003101 & 12008101. /SEP/ Ducane 20171101 Premium Gas Grill Cover - Single Shelf Only - Model Numbers Ducane 804, 805,1005,1204,1205, current 436 sq in grills 12002101,12007101,12003101 & 12008101.. This Cover fits Ducane models 804, 805,1005,1204 and 1205 Models with 1 Shelf. Also fits current 436 Sq Inch grills model #s 12002101, 12007101,12003101 & 12008101. All grill covers for '02 series grills have been discontinued. Please check your model # before ordering any Ducane cover.
Unsettling America: An Anthology of Contemporary Multicultural Poetry /SEP/ Unsettling America: An Anthology of Contemporary Multicultural Poetry. Aptly titled, this substantial anthology provides exposure to poets, emerging and established-Louis Simpson, Rita Dove, Luis Rodriguez-who write directly from the immigrant, ethnic and/or religious experience. The collection gives evidence of inequality and discrimination, and offers eyewitness accounts of the gross inconsistencies and bigotry of America. The poems tap into visceral energies, either born of or becoming a vitalizing anger; they bristle with a recognition of failed expectations. Thoughtful and attentive, the mother/daughter editorial team of the Gillans divides the book into sections concerned with "uprooting," "performing," "naming," "negotiating" and, finally and hopefully, "re-envisioning." The most moving poems concern a loss of home and custom, and the compromises struck in order to make life tolerable in a quietly (and not so quietly) intolerant society. Also distressing is work describing the intense desire of some poets to assimilate-efforts later remembered as humiliating. This collection is a must for anyone seeking an inclusive, unwincing catalogue of the American experience. Copyright 1994 Reed Business Information, Inc.	YA?Featuring well-and lesser-known American poets from a variety of cultural backgrounds, this volume presents fresh poems that tell the "American stories" of writers such as Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Gary Soto, Louise Erdrich, Ethelbert Miller, and Lucille Clifton. Selections are grouped by broad themes: "Uprooting," "Performing," "Naming," "Negotiating," and "Re-Envisioning." The editors deliberately selected works that "...did not create a pluralistic play of voices, or...make a simplistic call for diversity, but...that directly address the instability of American identity and confront the prevalence of cultural conflict and exchange within the United States." It is this focus and the conscious effort to avoid producing yet another supermarket survey of multicultural literature that make the book such a find. Brief biographical information is included.?Gretchen Portwood, W.T. Woodson High School, Fairfax, VACopyright 1995 Reed Business Information, Inc.	"Land where my fathers died" begins a poem by Gregory Djanikian in this vibrant, much-needed collection in which the poets all struggle to retell their past, or, as Nellie Wong phrases it, to wonder, "Where is my country/where does it lie?" The last 15 years have seen a flowering of multicultural voices in American poetry, and readers will recognize many of the poets here, including Wong, Joy Harjo, Jimmy Santiago Baca, Lucille Clifton, and Mary Tallmountain. In five sections-uprooting, performing, naming, negotiating, and re-envisioning-the poets speak of their experiences in America: "a place/ where your skin/is your passport," as Yusef Komunyakaa observes. The poets here speak from the heart not only of the injustices they have suffered but also of their visions of a new land: "where all colors blend into one," says Judith Ortiz Cofer, "we will build our cities of light." Not all these poems are finely crafted, but all express voices too long silent. For all collections.Doris Lynch, Monroe Cty. P.L., Bloomington, Ind.Copyright 1994 Reed Business Information, Inc.	Imagine, if you will, a city bus in, say, Uptown in Chicago or any place else where a dozen American cultures collide. This anthology is like that. Singaporean feminist poet Shirley Geok-lin Lim is sitting next to Creek Indian Joy Harjo. Hawaiian Garrett Hongo is chatting with street-sounding David Hernandez. Enid Dame is talking about her radical Jewish family to African American Rita Dove. What could be cacophony turns instead into a kind of dissonant love song under the visionary editing of the mother-daughter Gillan team. The voices are vernacular and immediate, the net has been cast wide, and the organization is fine-tuned. An excellent anthology for the most general collections.  Pat Monaghan	Crazy Horse Speaks: 1 by Sherman Alexie Crazy Horse Speaks: 2 by Sherman Alexie Crazy Horse Speaks: 3 by Sherman Alexie Crazy Horse Speaks: 4 by Sherman Alexie Crazy Horse Speaks: 5 by Sherman Alexie Crazy Horse Speaks: 6 by Sherman Alexie Crazy Horse Speaks: 7 by Sherman Alexie Powwow Polaroid by Sherman Alexie Translated From The American by Sherman Alexie Vision (2) by Sherman Alexie At The Electronic Frontier by Miguel Algarin Cultures by Gloria Anzaldua Horse by Gloria Anzaldua Immigrants In Our Own Land by Jimmy Santiago Baca So Mexicans Are Taking Jobs From Americans by Jimmy Santiago Baca The Last Word by Amina Baraka An Agony. As Now by Amiri Baraka Funk Lore by Amiri Baraka Ka 'ba by Amiri Baraka Two Grandmas by Stanley H. Barkan Having The Wrong Name For Mr. Wright by Helen Barolini We Exist by Helen Barolini When My Grandmother Said 'pussy' by Carole Bernstein Certificate Of Live Birth: 1 by Kimberly M. Blaeser Certificate Of Live Birth: 2 by Kimberly M. Blaeser Crazy Horse Monument by Peter Blue Cloud The Old Man's Lazy, by Peter Blue Cloud Amazone by Mary Jo Bona Dream Poem by Mary Jo Bona At The Nuclear Rally by Laura Boss The Candy Lady by Laura Boss My Ringless Fingers On The Steering Wheel Tell The Story by Laura Boss Birdfoot's Grampa by Joseph Bruchac Prayer by Joseph Bruchac Naming by Giovanna (janet) Capone Walking By The Cliffside Dyeworks by Robert Carnevale Soul Make A Path Through Shouting by Cyrus Curtis Cassells The Women by Cyrus Curtis Cassells The First by Grace Cavalieri Grandmother by Grace Cavalieri Poem For The Young White Man Who Asked Me How I, An Intelligent ... by Lorna Dee Cervantes Foreign Ways by Diana Chang Elegy For Chloe Nguyen by Marilyn Mei Ling Chin The Floral Apron by Marilyn Mei Ling Chin How I Got That Name by Marilyn Mei Ling Chin We Are Americans Now, We Live In The Tundra by Marilyn Mei Ling Chin I Have Not Signed A Treaty With The United States Government by Chrystos [pseud.] I Walk In The History Of My People by Chrystos [pseud.] Portrait Of Assimilation by Chrystos [pseud.] The Real Indian Leans Against by Chrystos [pseud.] Today Was A Bad Day Like Tb by Chrystos [pseud.] 14th Street Was Gutted In 1968 by Cheryl Clarke Elegy: 1. Winemaking by Arthur L. Clements Elegy: 2. In The Garden by Arthur L. Clements Elegy: 3. Lambent Sundays by Arthur L. Clements Elegy: 4. Last Day by Arthur L. Clements Why I Don't Speak Italian by Arthur L. Clements Deer Cloud by Susan Clements Matinee by Susan Clements The Reservation by Susan Clements Susans: 1 by Susan Clements Susans: 2 by Susan Clements Susans: 3 by Susan Clements Susans: 4 by Susan Clements In The Inner City by Lucille Clifton Night Vision by Lucille Clifton Sam by Lucille Clifton Song At Midnight by Lucille Clifton What The Gypsy Said To Her Children by Judith Ortiz Cofer Grandfather At The Indian Health Clinic by Elizabeth Cook-lynn America by Robert Creeley On The Road To Damascus, Maryland by Enid Dame The Seder by Enid Dame In The Way Back by Debra Kang Dean Blackbottom: 1945 by Toi Derricotte A Note On My Son's Face by Toi Derricotte On Alabama Ave., Paterson, Nj, 1954 by Rachel Guido Devries April Fool Birthday Poem For Grandpa by Diane Di Prima The Brides Come To Yuba City by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni Indian Movie, New Jersey by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni Restroom by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni Yuba City School by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni How I Learned English by Gregory Djanikian In The Elementary School Choir by Gregory Djanikian When I First Saw Snow by Gregory Djanikian Wingfoot Lake by Rita Dove Bulosan Listens To A Recording Of Robert Johnson by Alfred Encarnacion Dear John Wayne by Louise Erdrich Indian Boarding School: The Runaways by Louise Erdrich Bully by Martin Espada Coca-cola And Coco Frio by Martin Espada From An Island You Cannot Name by Martin Espada Niggerlips Was The High School Name by Martin Espada South Bronx Testimonial: 1 by Sandra Maria Esteves South Bronx Testimonial: 2 by Sandra Maria Esteves South Bronx Testimonial: 3 by Sandra Maria Esteves South Bronx Testimonial: 4 by Sandra Maria Esteves Dust World: 1 by Lawrence Ferlinghetti Dust World: 2 by Lawrence Ferlinghetti For Years The Old Italians Have Been Dying by Lawrence Ferlinghetti The Jewish Singles Event by Stewart J. Florsheim Barrio Beateo by Jesse F. Garcia Black And White by Shirley Geok-lin Lim Father From Asia by Shirley Geok-lin Lim Lost Name Woman by Shirley Geok-lin Lim Starlight Haven by Shirley Geok-lin Lim Mafioso by Sandra M. Gilbert Arturo by Maria Mazziotti Gillan Growing Up Italian by Maria Mazziotti Gillan In Memory We Are Walking by Maria Mazziotti Gillan Public School No. 18: Paterson, New Jersey by Maria Mazziotti Gillan American Sonnets For My Father: 1 by Daniela Gioseffi American Sonnets For My Father: 2 by Daniela Gioseffi American Sonnets For My Father: 3 by Daniela Gioseffi Bicentennial Anti-poem For Italian-american Women by Daniela Gioseffi Legacies by Yolande Cornelia Giovanni Nikki-rosa by Yolande Cornelia Giovanni Changing Address Books by Michael S. Glaser English-speaking Persons Will Find Translations: 1 by Michael S. Glaser English-speaking Persons Will Find Translations: 2 by Michael S. Glaser English-speaking Persons Will Find Translations: 3 by Michael S. Glaser English-speaking Persons Will Find Translations: 4 by Michael S. Glaser English-speaking Persons Will Find Translations: 5 by Michael S. Glaser Preparations For Seder by Michael S. Glaser Praise The Tortilla, Praise The Menudo, Praise The Chorizo by Ray Gonzalez Upkeep by Miriam Goodman Filipino Boogie by Jessica Tarahata Hagedorn The Hula Skirt, 1959 by Kimiko Hahn Kinged by Shalin Hai-jew Three Gypsies by Shalin Hai-jew After The Fuuneral Of Assam Hamady by Sam Hamod Dying With The Wrong Name by Sam Hamod Leaves by Sam Hamod Moving, Sels. by Sam Hamod Anchorage by Joy Harjo I Give You Back by Joy Harjo The Woman Hanging From The Thirteenth Floor Window by Joy Harjo A Daddy Poem by William J., Jr. Harris Rib Sandwich by William J., Jr. Harris The Battle, Over And Over Again by Safiya Henderson-holmes Failure Of An Invention by Safiya Henderson-holmes Friendly Town #1 by Safiya Henderson-holmes Friendly Town #3 by Safiya Henderson-holmes My First Riot: Bronx, Nyc by Safiya Henderson-holmes To Hell And Back, With Cake by Safiya Henderson-holmes Armitage Street by David Hernandez Martin And My Father by David Hernandez Pigeons by David Hernandez Welcome by David Hernandez Heritage by Linda Hogan The New Apartment: Minneapolis by Linda Hogan The Truth Is by Linda Hogan Winnings by Garrett Kaoru Hongo Father Of My Father: 1 by Lawson Fusao Inada Father Of My Father: 2 by Lawson Fusao Inada Father Of My Father: 3 by Lawson Fusao Inada Albert James by Reuben M. Jackson Big Chill Variations by Reuben M. Jackson Tee by Reuben M. Jackson A Poem About Intelligence For My Brothers And Sisters by June Jordan What Would I Do White? by June Jordan Junior High Dance by Allison Joseph Mama: 1. Rice Child by Claire Kageyama Mama: 2. The Marriage by Claire Kageyama Mama: 3. Family by Claire Kageyama Mama: 4. Her Wish by Claire Kageyama Mama: 5. Her Gift by Claire Kageyama Secret Love by Milton Kessler Salt by Yusef Komunyakaa Untitled Blues by Yusef Komunyakaa For My Great-grandfather: A Message Long Overdue by Maxine W. Kumin Living Alone With Jesus by Maxine W. Kumin Grandma In The Shower by Dale Kushner Second Class Citizen by Jennifer Lagier The Upside Down Basket by Alan Chong Lau The Gift by Li-young Lee I Ask My Mother To Sing by Li-young Lee Mnemonic by Li-young Lee For Talking by Denise Nico Leto The Mary Morelle Show by Denise Nico Leto After The Anti-semitic Calls On A Local Talk Station by Lyn Diane Lifshin Being Jewish In A Small Town by Lyn Diane Lifshin I Remember Haifa Being Lovely But by Lyn Diane Lifshin The Yahrtzeit Light by Lyn Diane Lifshin I Defy You Wallace Stevens by Shirley Geok-lin Lim Modern Secrets by Shirley Geok-lin Lim Song Of The Third Generation by Julia Lisella Hanging Fire by Audre Lorde 3. by Adrian C. Louis Something About Being An Indian by Adrian C. Louis That Great Wingless Bird by Adrian C. Louis Going Home by Wing Tek Lum Poet: What Ever Happened To Luther? by Haki R. Madhubuti Recognized Futures by Lisa Suhair Majaj Lakota Sister/cherokee Mother by Victoria Lena Manyarrows Today We Will Not Be Invisible Nor Silent by Victoria Lena Manyarrows Oye Mundo/ - Sometimes by Jesus Papoleto Melendez 4, Selection. Journey by David Meltzer Undressing Aunt Frieda by Richard Michelson The Men: 1 by E. Ethelbert Miller The Men: 2 by E. Ethelbert Miller The Men: 3 by E. Ethelbert Miller The Men: 4 by E. Ethelbert Miller The Men: 5 by E. Ethelbert Miller Doreen by Janice Mirikitani Jade by Janice Mirikitani Because Of My Father's Job by James Masao Mitsui Katori Maru, October 1920 by James Masao Mitsui Cortez's Horse by Pat Mora Depression Days (2) by Pat Mora Elena by Pat Mora Immigrants by Pat Mora La Migra by Pat Mora Senora X No More by Pat Mora For The Color Of My Mother by Cherrie Moraga Half-breed by Cherrie Moraga Speaking Through White: For My Mother: 1 by Kyoko Mori Speaking Through White: For My Mother: 2 by Kyoko Mori To H. N. by David Mura The House On Moscow Street by Marilyn Nelson Blood by Naomi Shihab Nye My Father And The Figtree by Naomi Shihab Nye In Response To Executive Order 9066; ... Report To Relocation Centers by Dwight Okita The Nice Thing About Counting Stars by Dwight Okita Notes For A Poem On Being Asian American by Dwight Okita Travels In The South: 1. East Texas by Simon J. Ortiz Travels In The South: 2. The Creek Nation East Of The Mississippi by Simon J. Ortiz Travels In The South: 3. Crossing The Georgia Border Into Florida by Simon J. Ortiz Lamenting The Inevitable by Alicia Suskin Ostriker Coming Of Age by Michael Palma American Dream: First Report by Joseph Papaleo The Sweaters by Lucia Maria Perillo My Rich Uncle, Whom I Only Met Three Times by Marge Piercy The Old Buildings by Pedro Pietri Jacket Notes by Ishmael Reed 6th Grade - Our Lady Of Pompeii by Vittoria Repetto The Language Of Great-aunts by Alberto Alvaro Rios Nani by Alberto Alvaro Rios Always Running by Luis J. Rodriguez Fire: 1 by Luis J. Rodriguez Fire: 2 by Luis J. Rodriguez Heavy Blue Veins by Luis J. Rodriguez We Never Stopped Crossing Borders by Luis J. Rodriguez The Bucket by Rose Romano But My Blood by Rose Romano So I Lost My Temper by Rose Romano Naayawva Taawi by Wendy Rose Story Keeper by Wendy Rose Hope by Liz Rosenberg Espresso by Carol Lee Saffioti Pinon Nuts by Dixie Salazar Taking It Back by Dixie Salazar An Anthem by Sonia Sanchez Norma by Sonia Sanchez Present by Sonia Sanchez Song No. 3 by Sonia Sanchez Grandmother, A Caribbean Indian, Described By My Father by Yvonne Sapia What Were You Patching? by Ruth Lisa Schechter Digging In The Streets Of Gold by Barry Seiler From Okra To Greens by Ntozake Shange Tattoo by Gregg Shapiro A Story About Chicken Soup by Louis Simpson Blonde White Women by Patricia M. Smith So Motown Taught Me All About Men. Men Worshipped by Patricia M. Smith What It's Like To Be A Black Girl by Patricia M. Smith Out Of Our Hands by Cathy Song Behind Grandma's House by Gary Soto Black Hair by Gary Soto Braly Street by Gary Soto The Elements Of San Joaquin: Field by Gary Soto How I Changed My Name, Felice by Felix Stefanile Election Time by Lamont B. Steptoe Such A Boat Of Land by Lamont B. Steptoe Wired In by Lamont B. Steptoe Behaving Like A Jew by Gerald Stern The Dancing by Gerald Stern Good Grease by Mary Tallmountain Indian Blood (1) by Mary Tallmountain The Last Wolf by Mary Tallmountain All I Want by Luci Tapahonso I Am Singing Now by Luci Tapahonso All Along The Railroad by Quincy Troupe The View From Skates In Berkeley by Quincy Troupe In The Good Old U.s.a. by Jose Angel, Sr. Villalongo My People Are The Color Of The Earth by Alma Luz Villanueva They Didn't Get Me by Alma Luz Villanueva To Jesus Villanueva, With Love by Alma Luz Villanueva Haciendo Apenas La Recoleccion by Tino Villanueva Autobiography by Robert Viscusi Letter To A Cretan Flute-maker by Justin Vitiello Miss Clement's Second Grade by Maryfrances Wagner Brain On Ice by Michael Warr Malcolm Is 'bout More Than Wearing A Cap by Michael Warr The Black And White Galaxie by Michael S. Weaver A Black Man's Sonata by Michael S. Weaver Blind Solo by Michael S. Weaver Imitation Of Life by Michael S. Weaver Improvisation For Piano by Michael S. Weaver The Left Bank Jazz Society by Michael S. Weaver Laughing Gas by Ruth Whitman Can't Tell by Nellie Wong Dreams In Harrison Railroad Park by Nellie Wong From A Heart Of Rice Straw by Nellie Wong Mama, Come Back by Nellie Wong When I Was Growing Up by Nellie Wong Where Is My Country? by Nellie Wong American Son by Mitsuye Yamada Cincinnati by Mitsuye Yamada -- Table of Poems from Poem Finder	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.	Maria Mazziotti Gillan is an awardwinning poet and instructor whose volumes of poetry include Where I Come From, Things My Mother Told Me, and What We Pass On: Collected Poems 1980-2009. Her work has been appeared in a number of publications, including Boderlands, Prairie Schooner, Los Angeles Review, the Christian Science Monitor, and the New York Times. She is the director of the creative writing program at Binghampton UniversityState University of New York and the executive director of the Poetry Center at Passaic County Community College.     Jennifer Gillan is a professor of English and Media Studies at Bentley University. Her other books include Television & New Media: Must-Click TV, Understanding Reality TV, and Identity Lessons, coedited with Maria Mazziotti Gillan.
December Sky /SEP/ December Sky. Her dusky alto vocal range is a true treat. -- BILLBOARD MAGAZINEMae Robertson is one of the finest interpreters I have heard in years. -- Rich Warren, WFMT-FM Chicago, ILMae Robertson is one of the finest interpreters Ive heard in years. -- Rich Warren, The Midnight Special, WFMT, Chicago, ILMellifluous voice - warm alto - comforts like a wrap of softest alpaca and exudes an underlying joy. -- ChritsmasReviews.comShe has an understated yet memorable way with a lyric that renders anything she performs worth investigating. -- BILLBOARD MAGAZINEYou can feel the cozy comfort of a traditional snowy Christmas morning in every note. --SINGER MAGAZINE, December, 2004	Not so long ago, Mae Robertson was the owner of three children's stores in the Northeast. When her friend, Don Jackson, overheard her singing the traditional folk song, "The Water is Wide," as a lullaby to her baby, he convinced her to record a suite of traditional folk songs and well-known pop songs as lullabies. In total, three award-winning albums, All Through The Night, The Sun Upon the Lake Is Low and Sweet Dreams of Home, won Mae stunning reviews ("Her vocals are pure, spun gold," raved the Los Angeles Times), and a growing audience. The albums were all named Notable Recordings by The American Library Association, and they all won awards from Parents' Choice, North American Parenting Publications and The Oppenheim Toy Portfolio. Growing up in Alabama, Mae was first influenced by the folk collections of  her older brothers and sister. Later, she gravitated toward singer-songwriters because, like traditional folk music, their songs were lyric-driven. "I have always been drawn to the poetry and the story and it is always what attracts me first to a song." In 2000, change was in the air as the family moved back to Alabama after 20 years in the New York Metropolitan area. And just before the move, Mae recorded Stone by Stone, her first ever album targeting a grown up audience. "I enjoyed writing the songs for the project, but most of all I enjoyed picking the songs I would cover. There are so many wonderful songs out there and it was hard to just pick a few for the album." So, it was no surprise when Mae decided to do an album of songs written by other people as her next project. "I am just a song collector by nature. I listen to music all the time and I always have a list going of the ones I want to learn. I'm extremely picky, but when I find one I think is great, I am just thrilled." Song selection for the new album began in the winter of 2001. "After all we went through as a country that fall, I realized sometime towards the end of September that I had not been singing or even listening to music for weeks. As I allowed myself to return to something I loved so much, I instinctively began to sing songs that I felt would help me grieve or help me heal." These songs became the center piece of her new album, Smile, recorded in Nashville in the spring and summer of 2002. In 2004, Mae reached another milestone with December Sky. Recorded in  Nashville, seasonal songs of winter and Christmas in a melange  of styles -- traditional, spiritual and contemporary -- are presented in acoustic settings,  revealing the simple beauties within. "The theme of the record is that hope that can be found even in the coldest winter or on darkest night."  Whether she's singing sweet lullabies for children or creating sophisticated words for adults, Mae Robertson's personal vision is the mortar in her artistry. "I want listeners to get lost in the songs with me. Through the beauty of the melodies and the truth in the lyrics I want them to take the journey of each song with me."	A collection of holiday and winter songs which focuses on the hope that can always be found even in the cold of winter or the dark of night. Some of the songs are familiar and some will be new to the listener, but each one is lovingly presented in an acoustic format so that the simple beauty of the words and music can shine through.
Play with Me Sesame: Playtime with Grover /SEP/ Play with Me Sesame: Playtime with Grover. Time to play with Grover and his friends!  Dance the Groverelli, join in on "Super Grover Says," and enjoy many more playtime activities.  With the help of Bert, Ernie, Prairie Dawn and other Sesame pals, Grover encourages preschoolers to engage in interactive play while learning fundamental concepts such as opposites and size relationships.
Making Color Sing: Practical Lessons in Color and Design /SEP/ Making Color Sing: Practical Lessons in Color and Design. Jeanne Dobie is a nationally recognized artist. Known for her fresh approach to color and design, she has conducted workshops throughout the United States and Europe. Dobie is listed in Whos Who in American Art and is an elected member of both the American Watercolor Society and the National Watercolor Society. Her work is represented in many collections, including the collection of the Frye Museum in Seattle. She has served as juror for national exhibitions, including the American Watercolor Society.
Building Design and Construction Handbook, 6th Edition /SEP/ Building Design and Construction Handbook, 6th Edition. THE ALL-IN-ONE  DESIGN AND CONTRUCTION CLASSIC Keep projects on time, on target, and up to code *Building professionals favorite single-source reference *The most authoritative and comprehensive handbook available *Helps you work better, faster, and smarter *Covers newest materials, methods, systems, and specifications Find the answers you need quickly. Answering questions, simplifying planning, and cutting costs for more than 40 years, this classic resource places all mission-critical information within easy reach. Architects, engineers, and contractors open Building Design and Construction Handbook when they want: *Most effective and efficient methods and materials *Current building codes, NFPA requirements, and legal standards *Details and specifics on technical standards, systems, materials, theories, and procedures in related fields *Avoidance of construction halts, glitches, and change orders resulting from errors and omissions *Latest seismic and wind design criteria *Best methods in use today Data, design tips, and standardsall in one place	Frederick S. Merritt (deceased) was a consulting engineer for many years, with experience in building and bridge design, structural analysis, and construction management. A Fellow of the American Society of Civil Engineers and a Senior Member of ASTM, he was a former senior editor of Engineering News-Record and an author/editor of many books, including McGraw-Hills Standard Handbook for Civil Engineers and Structural Steel Designers Handbook. Jonathan T. Ricketts is a consulting engineer with broad experience in general environmental design and construction management. A registered engineer in several states, he is an active member of the American Society of Civil Engineers, the National Society of Professional Engineers, and the Solid Waste Association of North America.
Amazon.com: Blue Silk Bow Tie | Wedgewood Blue Self Tie Bow Tie: Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Blue Silk Bow Tie | Wedgewood Blue Self Tie Bow Tie: Clothing. To wear a bow tie is a sign of confidence. While bow ties are perfect for formal and elegant events, they also make a bold statement in more casual settings. Express your own unique style with this pink lemonade colored freestyle bow tie. Made of 100% silk, this charming hand made bow tie features a lustrous satin shine and fits up to a 21 inch neck. Interested in the tie, but not exactly sure how to tie a freestyle bow tie? Fear not, we've got you covered! Each freestyle bow tie comes with instructions on exactly how to tie your new silk bow tie.
Neiko Wire Nut - Connector Assortment - 107 Pieces, with Plastic Storage Case /SEP/ Neiko Wire Nut - Connector Assortment - 107 Pieces, with Plastic Storage Case. Neiko Tools U.S.A. 107 piece Wire Connector Nut with Spring Insert, Material: High Quality PVC, Grey, Blue, Orange, Yellow and Ivory Rated at 300 Volts, Red Rated at 600 Volts
-269 Viton O-Ring, 75A Durometer, Black, 8-3/4&#034; ID, 9&#034; OD, 1/8&#034; Width (Pack of 25) /SEP/ -269 Viton O-Ring, 75A Durometer, Black, 8-3/4&#034; ID, 9&#034; OD, 1/8&#034; Width (Pack of 25). This Viton O-ring is black in color, round in shape, has a durometer (hardness) of 75A, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Viton has excellent heat, fuel, and chemical resistance. Viton is acceptable for temperature applications between -15 degrees F (-26 degrees C) to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C). It is compatible for use with non-flammable hydraulic fuels, silicone oil, chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichlorethylene), fuels, aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene) and aliphatic hydrocarbons (propane), as well as high vacuum environments, ozone, and weathering. Viton is vulnerable to low molecular organic acids, ammonia gas, alkalis, amines, glycol-based brake fluids, and super-heated steam.   This Viton O-ring has a shore durometer of 75A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.   O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in various sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.   This Viton O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.
OPI Malaga Wine Nail Lacquer /SEP/ OPI Malaga Wine Nail Lacquer. Nail Laquor
Amazon.com: Children's bike shorts for cycling comfort.: Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Children's bike shorts for cycling comfort.: Clothing. Child Bike Shorts are Very High Quality! Fabric is 7 oz. 86% Nylon / 14% Spandex tricot knit four way stretch. Waist is soft elastic and the legs are coverstitched to be smooth and comfy. Special thin Crotch make these shorts very popular with kids. It's surface is smooth, and soft. Children do not like a thick pad between their legs, ours is just right!  Kids are so comfortable in these shorts they wear them for many sports and fun in the sun.
Strike King Catfish Dynamite Bait /SEP/ Strike King Catfish Dynamite Bait. The ultimate catfish dip bait. Tested and proven to be more effective than any other Dip Bait on the market.
Canon Lens Hood ES-71-II for EF 50/1.4 USM /SEP/ Canon Lens Hood ES-71-II for EF 50/1.4 USM. One of the most important accessories for each lens you own. A lens hood provides multiple functions: it shades the lens from stray light, improving your contrast and image quality; in inclement weather, it can assist in keeping moisture or wind-blown debris off the lens; and it protects the front barrel from the inevitable impacts against walls, door frames, and other real-life obstacles. Almost all EF and TS-E lenses have a Canon lens hood engineered specifically for it.
Richard Strauss - Josephs Legende (The Legend of Joseph) (2007) /SEP/ Richard Strauss - Josephs Legende (The Legend of Joseph) (2007). Jamison, Haiger, Musil, and Wilhelm star in this Vienna State Opera Ballet production of the Richard Strauss/John Neumeier ballet with Heinrich Hollreiser conducting the Vienna Philharmonic.
Softspots Women's Tela Leather Sandal /SEP/ Softspots Women's Tela Leather Sandal. This huarache sandal is designed for all-day comfort, made from the softest premium leathers and boasting a super-cushioned footbed. Take the Tela on long walks or out to lunch with friends, the flexible sole is durable and resilient. Available in eye-catching colors, the Tela is the perfect complement to casual warm-weather looks, from shorts and skirts to cropped pants.
Pack of 100 pcs Crush-Proof Phthalate Free non-PVC Plastic Ball Pit Balls in 5 Colors - 3.1" Air-Filled - Guaranteed Crush-Proof /SEP/ Pack of 100 pcs Crush-Proof Phthalate Free non-PVC Plastic Ball Pit Balls in 5 Colors - 3.1" Air-Filled - Guaranteed Crush-Proof. Standard Duty, Home Grade!!!  These balls were designed & built for normal household environment w/ less abusive usage in mind.  These balls were not suitable for any commercial operations and/or for players weight over 80 lbs which will void the stated warranty. * These balls were soft & yet durable, safe enough to last for years of usage in a lesser demanding home environment. Each ball was tested to withstand over 90 pounds of weight. * Manufactured exclusively for CMS using 100% non-PVC Virgin(non-recycled) PE Plastic Material, both Phthalate* Free & Lead Free. (*Phthalate, a chemical additive used to rubberize PVC Blended Plastic, has been identified to be a health concern to children & adults). For kids with tons of energies & just want to have fun! And, for the parents (or grand-parents) who would not object to chasing after a few balls, this one (or 500) is for you! ;) * Backed by a 90 Days Replacement Warranty, guaranteed against Crushing (Denting is normal, will return back to original shape), Cracking or Deformation, or your Money Back. ***** Beware of the less expensive 2.5" balls, as you would need twice the count of the smaller 2.5" balls, or 65% more in numbers of 70mm balls in order to fill the exact same volume filled with these larger 3" balls. (see chart) ***** Other quantity packages available on standard home grade balls (for home use only), please check Amazon listings: * for 100 Balls = ASIN# B00AN2S9K8 * for 150 Balls = ASIN# B00AN3IH68 * for 200 Balls = ASIN# B00AN3L7B0 * for 300 Balls = ASIN# B00AN3PILK * for 400 Balls = ASIN# B00AN3URDY * for 500 Balls = ASIN# B00AN3Z73E ***** For Commercial usage, please order the Heavy Duty Commercial Grade Ball Pit Balls listed separately thru Amazon list ASIN# B00AMJC7RI  ***** If you have questions, please contact seller for details
Canon ES-62 Lens Hood for EF 50mm f/1.8 II (w/ hood adapter 62) /SEP/ Canon ES-62 Lens Hood for EF 50mm f/1.8 II (w/ hood adapter 62). Lens hoods are primarily designed to prevent unwanted stray light from entering by extending and shading the end of the lens, ensuring no problems with vignetting or motor functions. Additionally, since the end of the lens is extended, you also get the added benefit of some extra protection from accidental impact. Lens hoods match the specific focal length of the lens it was designed for. This lens hood fits the following Canon lens:  EF 50mm f1.8 II	One of the most important accessories for each lens you own. A lens hood provides multiple functions: it shades the lens from stray light, improving your contrast and image quality; in inclement weather, it can assist in keeping moisture or wind-blown debris off the lens; and it protects the front barrel from the inevitable impacts against walls, door frames, and other real-life obstacles. Almost all EF and TS-E lenses have a Canon lens hood engineered specifically for it.  Samy's Sku: CANOC446206
OPI Nail Polish Grand Canyon Sunset 0.5 oz. /SEP/ OPI Nail Polish Grand Canyon Sunset 0.5 oz.. OPI polishes have a great variety of colors. Over 450 different colors are available to satisfy your taste and fantasy. OPI pulls out new collections that have new colors, grouped thematically. To distinguish different colors and to help you choose a color by your mood the polishes have incredibly funny and catchy names, that relate to the theme of the collection.
Divine Love /SEP/ Divine Love. TIME RIGHT FOR DIVINE LOVE. JAMES KILBANE'S latest release 'Divine Love' is following in an Irish Country Gospel style, taking many of its influences from traditional Irish and Americian Gospel fused with Praise and Worship music.  This style is richly blended with James' unique easy listening vocal style.       Many of the fourteen tracks were chosen to reflect James' love for his Christian faith and his passion for songs that are at the centre of Americian and Irish Gospel music.     DIVINE LOVE gives the listener the opportunity to hear James Kilbane's individuality in a way that he hasn't always done previous to this.  The brilliant production gives every respect to the pure and total Gospel tracks as, 'The Miracle of the Rosary', 'It Is No Secret', 'My Forever Friend' and 'Morning Has Broken'.             DIVINE LOVE sees James Kilbane once again at his very best and is a soothing and inspiring album that is a must for any good music lover. --The Daily Irish Mirror.KILBANE INSPIRATION In recent time there has been an increase in the number of gospel style albums from Irish singers and James Kilbane continues in this vein.      It is nice to note that unlike some artists who are not contracted to a major label, this has not resulted in him cutting corners.  Everything about 'Divine Love' is as professional as if it had the backing of some multi national record company, which is the way it should be.       With 'Divine Love' the production is top class and so is the sleeve design.  Here is one Irish artist who realises that to compete with the products in the market from the multi national companies you must present a CD that is of similar standard. This is a strong West of Ireland production!     All in all this is a good quality production and for those who like inspirational music 'Divine Love' is well worth checking out. --The Galway HearldSONGS OF PRAISE MORNING has broken on Achill Islander James Kilbane and he is celebrating with his new songs of praise album, 'Divine Love'.      For the 'You're A Star' finalist, it is time to give thanks for the blessings that have come his way!     DIVINE LOVE is from the heart and it will find a niche in the market for Gospel and Inspirational music.  Following a true path is what this album is all about.       James told us, "Recording this album was a very special and enjoyable experience. Personally, I am so happy to have got the opportunity to record such a beautiful album and I hope all who may hear it will enjoy it"     "The Christian Faith has always played an important part in my life and everywhere we went on tour people are touched by the spiritual and gospel songs that I sing.  These songs move people in a very positive way." James told us. --Stepping Out (The Irish Country Music Newspaper)	Gospel, Praise and Worship. Easy Listening.
tom Sawyer & Huckleberry (Everyman's Library (Paper)) /SEP/ tom Sawyer & Huckleberry (Everyman's Library (Paper)). All modern American literature comes from one book by Mark Twain called Huckleberry Finn . . . All American writing comes from that. There was nothing before. There has been nothing as good since. Ernest Hemingway  As characters Tom and Huck have become American myths (a form of transubstantiation achieved by remarkably few fictional creations in the last hundred years), and that very fact indicates that whatever distinctions are made between the two novels, and however many reservations are cited about either or both, Twain possessed extraordinary imaginative power. from the Introduction by Miles Donald --Wordsworth Editions	      --This text refers to an alternate 							Paperback	 edition.	Introduction by Miles Donald	      --This text refers to the 							Hardcover	 edition.	Mark Twain was born Samuel Langhorne Clemens in Florida, Missouri, in 1835, and died at Redding, Connecticut in 1910. In his person and in his pursuits he was a man of extraordinary contrasts. Although he left school at twelve when his father died, he was eventually awarded honorary degrees from Yale University, the University of Missouri, and Oxford University. His career encompassed such varied occupations as printer, Mississippi riverboat pilot, journalist, travel writer, and publisher. He made fortunes from his writing but toward the end of his life he had to resort to lecture tours to pay his debts. He was hot-tempered, profane, and sentimentaland also pessimistic, cynical, and tortured by self-doubt. His nostalgia helped produce some of his best books. He lives in American letters as a great artist, the writer whom William Dean Howells called the Lincoln of our literature.	      --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.
The Irish in Us: Irishness, Performativity, and Popular Culture /SEP/ The Irish in Us: Irishness, Performativity, and Popular Culture. ldquo;Diane Negra has built a dynamic cultural studies anthology from the sophisticated research of a new generation of scholars. lsquo;Irishness,rsquo; still an attractive or scandalous stereotype, is here understood through reflection on nation, ethnicity, class, and gendermdash;reflection that is in turn animated by the obtuseness of lsquo;Irishnessrsquo; in its newly global situation. Expressing a variety of views through vivid examples, this anthology becomes itself exemplary.rdquo;mdash;Dudley Andrew, Yale UniversityThe essays in this collection are to Irish studies what B. B. King and the Chicago Blues are to the Delta Blues: they draw on an existing body of work, virtuosically extend it, and at the same time electrify it, creating new forms in the process. In this respect, this collection is the book that many in Irish studies have been waiting for.Margot Backus, author of The Gothic Family Romance: Heterosexuality, Child Sacrifice, and the Anglo-Irish Colonial OrderThis sparkling, sophisticated, and original collection analyzes such diverse topics as the genealogical quest for Irish roots, Celtic white supremacists, and postSeptember 11 identity politics. Provocatively, Diane Negra suggests that Irishness has become a way for Americans to claim a safe and fashionable ethnic identity. Essential reading for Irish and American cultural studies.Elizabeth Cullingford, author of Irelands Others: Gender and Ethnicity in Irish Literature and Popular Culture	Diane Negra is Senior Lecturer in the School of Film and Television Studies at the University of East Anglia. She is the author of Off-White Hollywood: American Culture and Ethnic Female Stardom and a coeditor (with Jennifer M. Bean) of A Feminist Reader in Early Cinema, also published by Duke University Press.
Blithe Tomato /SEP/ Blithe Tomato. In a series of essays about his life as a California subsistence farmer, Madison ruminates on lessons learned during his 20-plus years in the farmers' market society. Opening with a depiction of a person he's met or a scene from agrarian life, these vignettes often blossom into expositions on larger issues and become a pulpit from which Madison preaches his sermon. His account of his experiences growing sweet corn becomes a rant against the processed food industry; the shadows of military cargo planes flying overhead launch a diatribe against what he sees as America's imperial ways. The overuse of heavy-handed analogies, a pervading tone of superiority and brash, stereotyping statements ("Like many people whose wealth is unearned, he was a rabid Republican") will alienate many readers. Redemption lies in essays about aspects inherent to the life of a small farmer: a love of nature, a sense of pleasure in one's work and an intrinsic connection to the earth and all living things. Musings on the abundance evident at farmers' markets, the nostalgic power of lilacs and the pleasure of eating a fig warmed on the tree by the afternoon sun illuminate Madison's passion for his job and add warmth to what might otherwise be a collection of denunciations of contemporary society. (Apr.) Copyright  Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.	''Madison writes beautifully. He is a master of atmosphere, and creates imagery that the reader will want to linger over.''--San Francisco Chronicle Book Review''Mike Madison is a rare find: a person who possesses both the pragmatism required of a farmer and the keen eye for flawed human nature required of a humorist. [Blithe Tomato] is proof that it's an irresistible combination.''--Saveur ''[Madison's] short, sharp pieces draw readers into psychological landscape of a small-scale farmer, but they also reflect his observations of his customers: the people who swoon at the scent of lilacs, a colorful character he calls the Old Basque, and a man with a faraway look and a jittery woman (who finally appear grounded after Mr. Madison notices them hand in hand).''--The New York Times''With a Chekhovian eye for detail, Mike Madison has assembled a fascinating group portrait of the fellow growers--endangered individualists all, eccentrics, recluses, dreamers, anarchists--who work the land of his extended neighborhood. Madison makes us appreciate not only how much mankind's labors form landscape but also how much the land molds character for better and worse.''--Stanley Crawford, author of A Garlic Testament''Mike Madison is one of us--farms with humility, a fool to work so hard, hands with calluses while scratching out a good life in the earth--all the while musing about life passing before our fields.'' --David Mas Masumoto, author of Epitaph for a Peach and Letters to the Valley	Mike Madison lives with his wife Diane in Winters, California, where they have created the Yolo Bulb, a small truck farm in the Sacramento Valley. His previous book, Walking the Flatlands, is available from Heyday. He is also the author of No Time to Nap.
Metra 99-2001 Dash Kit For GM Multiw Eq 94-Up /SEP/ Metra 99-2001 Dash Kit For GM Multiw Eq 94-Up. Metra 99-2001 94-Up Buick/GM Multi-Car Radio Install Kit
Amazon.com: Classic 9&quot; Cashmere Gloves (Black): Clothing /SEP/ Amazon.com: Classic 9&quot; Cashmere Gloves (Black): Clothing. Classic 100% Cashmere Gloves. Our classic luxurous Cashmere Gloves are irrisistibly soft. An obsolute essential during the cool season. 		Don't be fooled by cashmere imitation blends. We offer only 100% genuine cashmere quality knit gloves.
The Inspector Lynley Mysteries - Set 3 (2010) /SEP/ The Inspector Lynley Mysteries - Set 3 (2010). The Inspector Lynley Mysteries: Set 3 begins where set 2 left off, with Detective Sergeant Barbara Havers (Sharon Small) enduring a demotion following her controversial (though logical) handling of the climactic crisis at the end of "Deception on His Mind." But Havers is soon brought back into action as a sleuth in the first story here, "In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner," when her mentor, Detective Inspector Thomas Lynley (Nathaniel Parker), requests her participation in solving a double murder. One of the victims is the daughter of a retired Superintendent in Vice, who believes the killer is probably someone he once put away in jail. But the aristocratic Lynley and working-class Havers, an unusual team created in a series of novels by Elizabeth George, find the truth is more complicated than that as their investigation leads into a seamy world.  Long past their class differences and early conflicts--most of which were over differing perceptions and levels of experience with police business--Havers and Lynley increasingly cling to their relationship as events in their individual lives get more complex. This is especially true of Lynley, whose marriage suffers as he struggles to find a balance between work and home. Indeed, work only gets more complicated in "A Traitor to Memory," which concerns the murder of a woman who (a) disappeared from her family years before following the death of her daughter and (b) appears to have been on her way to see a man who claims never to have known her. "A Cry for Justice" sees Havers regaining esteem and ground in the homicide division after she determines that a woman thought to have committed suicide might have, in fact, been murdered. Finally, loyalties are tested in "If Wishes Were Horses," when a forensic psychologist--the former mentor of Lynley's wife--is killed by a car bomb. Havers and Lynley's investigation finds evidence that the latter's pregnant spouse might have been involved with the dead man at one time. As the chips fall, tragedy strikes Lynley's already unhappy marriage, followed by another terrible crisis that befalls the other important woman in his life, Havers.  --Tom Keogh	Lynley and Havers are about to face their ultimate tests. Nathaniel Parker (Far from the Madding Crowd) and Sharon Small (About A Boy) return as the New Scotland Yard team of Detective Inspector Thomas Lynley and Detective Sergeant Barbara Havers in four riveting murder mysteries that share some striking--and disturbing--parallels to their own lives. Having weathered the early storms of their partnership, the high-brow Inspector and the emphatically working-class Sergeant face new challenges--including questions about Havers' future and Lynley's loyalty. While solving murders remains the partners' focus, Lynley finds it hard to find the proper balance between work and marriage to his wife, Helen, while Havers struggles to bounce back from her demotion and to find her proper path in life. While Lynley and Havers unravel the heinous and suspenseful mysteries based on Elizabeth George's best-selling whodunits, they are also grappling with a mounting series of challenges and twists in their personal lives in a season that culminates with a true cliffhanger. In Pursuit of the Proper Sinner The daughter of a retired detective and her companion are murdered in the bucolic countryside of northern England, leading Lynley and Havers to countless suspects--and more victims. A Traitor to Memory When Eugenie Martin falls victim to foul play, her complicated and tragic past provides Lynley and Havers with an obvious suspect--and a case that doesn't quite add up.  A Cry for Justice Morag McNicholl appeared to live a life of quiet respectability, but her death reveals a darker existence. As Lynley focuses on her mysterious past and the death toll mounts, Havers follows her hunches by going undercover.  If Wishes Were Horses There's no shortage of suspects in the murder of noted criminal profiler Dermot Finnegan. But when the case hits too close to home, Lynley takes extraordinary measures to bring the murderer to justice.
Ernest Hemingway Audio Collection CD /SEP/ Ernest Hemingway Audio Collection CD. Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961) was one of the expatriate writers of Paris along with F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gettrude Stein, and others. He fought in the Spanish Civil War and wrote A Farewell to Arms and other stories on war and its unseen costs, including For Whom the Bell Tolls. Other titles by Hemingway include A Moveable Feast and The Sun Also Rises.	Charlton Heston reads THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA and THE SNOWS OF KILIMANJARO on three of the four CDs in this attractive package; both readings are captivating. THE OLD MAN AND THE SEA, which won a Grammy in 1977, particularly merits acclaim. Heston's deep, melodious voice personifies old Santiago as movingly as Spencer Tracy did in the film rendition of the same role. In SNOWS, Heston sensitively reveals the nature of the dying man--his anger, hostilities, sorrows, and compassions. Readings by the author himself, recorded on primitive equipment between 1948 and 1961, include his Nobel Award acceptance speech, his "Second Poem to Mary," and four other brief selections. They are interesting only because we have so little documentation of Hemingway's voice, which turns outs to be squeaky and high-pitched. The famously macho man and great writer sounds much better in Charlton Heston's voice.  R.E.K.  AudioFile 2001, Portland, Maine-- Copyright  AudioFile, Portland, Maine
Swingline Tot Slim Portable Stapler, 12 Sheet Capacity, Includes 500 Staples, Assorted Colors, COLOR MAY VARY (S7079136A) /SEP/ Swingline Tot Slim Portable Stapler, 12 Sheet Capacity, Includes 500 Staples, Assorted Colors, COLOR MAY VARY (S7079136A). The all new Swingline S7079136A Tot Slim stapler is the easiest, most convenient way to staple on the go. Designed with a trendy compact shell in a metallic color, the Tot Stapler makes stapling fun. Opening wide to staple up to 12 sheets at once and closing compact for easiest portability, it's the perfect solution for students, office workers, or anyone else constantly on the move. It includes a handy clip to quickly attach and remove from backpacks, briefcases, purses and more. With a built-in staple remover and a pack of 500 staples to get you started, this Swingline Tot Stapler has everything you need to start stapling on the move. Swingline, a leading brand in workspace tools for the business, home and mobile office for over 80 years continues to introduce new staplers, sharpeners, punches and trimmers that solve common workplace frustrations and increase productivity. With unmatched quality, durability and performance, Swingline products are truly designed for the way you work!
Canon ET-83II Lens Hood for Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L USM Lens /SEP/ Canon ET-83II Lens Hood for Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L USM Lens. Lens hoods are primarily designed to prevent unwanted stray light from entering by extending and shading the end of the lens, ensuring no problems with vignetting or motor functions. Additionally, since the end of the lens is extended, you also get the added benefit of some extra protection from accidental impact. Lens hoods match the specific focal length of the lens it was designed for. This lens hood fits the following Canon lens:  EF 70 to 200mm f2.8L USM	One of the most important accessories for each lens you own. A lens hood provides multiple functions: it shades the lens from stray light, improving your contrast and image quality; in inclement weather, it can assist in keeping moisture or wind-blown debris off the lens; and it protects the front barrel from the inevitable impacts against walls, door frames, and other real-life obstacles. Almost all EF and TS-E lenses have a Canon lens hood engineered specifically for it.
Tegaderm Transparent Dressing 6" X 8" (Box of 10) /SEP/ Tegaderm Transparent Dressing 6" X 8" (Box of 10). Tegaderm Transparent Dressing is a thin, clear sterile dressing that keeps out water, dirt and germs, yet lets skin breathe. It's the number one hospital brand transparent dressing in the U.S.
Mozart: Symphony No. 36 / Eine kleine Nachtmusik / March in C / Five Overtures /SEP/ Mozart: Symphony No. 36 / Eine kleine Nachtmusik / March in C / Five Overtures. Australian pressing features a total of 8 tracks. Eloquence. 2005.
Gene Autry Collection: Wagon Team /SEP/ Gene Autry Collection: Wagon Team. Stagecoach Detective Gene Autry has himself jailed so he can work on the conscience of young Dave Weldon, suspected thief of an Army payroll.
How Does Aspirin Find a Headache?: An Imponderables Book /SEP/ How Does Aspirin Find a Headache?: An Imponderables Book. David Feldman is the author of ten previous volumes of Imponderables. He has a master's degree in popular culture from Bowling Green State University in Ohio and consults and lectures on the media. He lives in New York City.	      --This text refers to an alternate 							Paperback	 edition.
Under a Billion Suns /SEP/ Under a Billion Suns. It may be cute and cuddly to link Mudhoney with the grunge generation of the Pacific Northwest's early nineties, but even after a cup of coffee in the majors the Seattle foursome continues to endure more then a decade after the genre was deemed defunct. Album number nine could be its most electrifying record since Every Good Boy Deserves Fudge, contrasting a band with a burgeoning social conscience, but one that shows no signs of growing old. Barreling along with the sodden riffs of guitarist Steve Turner and a rhythm section that overflows in chaos (see the instrumental "A Brief Celebration of Indifference"), vocalist Mark Arm is aping maturity, spitting a soured societal fury over D.C. demigods ("Hard-on For War"), plodding expectations ("Where is the Future") and repeat hangovers ("Let's Drop In," complete with female harmonies and Memphis-style horns). Eighteen years have come and gone, but Mudhoney remains. --Scott Holter	For 18 years, Mudhoney has proved to be one of the most consistently electrifying acts to survive the grunge implosion, whatever that was. The wolfish howls of singer Mark Arm, soulful splatterings of guitarist Steve Turner, and frenzied fills of drummer Dan Peters have produced nine albums to date, most of which are considered neo-garage classics.Produced by three notable knobsters, Phil Ek, Johnny Sangster, and Tucker Martine. Sub Pop. 2006.
Below the Branches /SEP/ Below the Branches. Of all the lonely singer-songwriters making late night albums in their bedrooms, San Francisco's Kelley Stoltz does the best job convincing you that he built a time machine on the side and brought back odd members of the Beach Boys, Wings and Pink Floyd to help him out with his. On his third release, the follow-up to 2001's beloved Antique Glow, it sounds like he has crammed a horn section next to his nightstand and strings in the closet. Songs like "Wave Goodbye" and "Memory Collector" float on barreling piano melodies and comfortably worn-in grooves. Stoltz's voice, meanwhile, is soft and unobtrusive, coming into view only when a track needs that knockout punch--like halfway through the psychedelic "Summer's Easy Feeling." Below The Branches is the kind of album that makes you keep reaching for the CD cover with a magnifying glass: "Does that really say 2006, because it feels more like 1976?" I mean, who these days, sings things like, "I remember your childhood hair, floating wild at the county fair"? Well, okay, except the guy from Nickelback. --Aidin Vaziri	San Francisco home-recording multi-instrumentalist Stoltz promoted and distributed his last album, ("2001's "Antique Glow") himself. It garnered considerable attention and praise, such as being ranked #24 in MOJO's "40 Best Albums Of 2004", which was described as "a time capsule only recently discovered...a jamboree grab-bag of delights filled with everything from psychedelic folk and cosmic troubadour pop to garage rock and lysergic R of the year's major finds." "Below The Branches" picks up where the last album left off, combining psych rock, folk, blues, and pop in its thirteen tracks, and exploring new, piano-driven directions as well. Improvisational pop, alchemically blending influences with results that are both old and new.
Yoga Today-100 Years of Yoga in America /SEP/ Yoga Today-100 Years of Yoga in America. An instructive and entertaining presentation that will provide the seeds for hours of contemplation and discussion of yoga today. --Richard Rosen, Yoga JournalPresenting the true essence of yoga in all its aspects, from spiritual to physical, this video is the perfect introduction to newcomers because of its clarity and comprehensiveness. --Kamala Lipko, Kripalu ShopAn extraordinary video!....shows various aspects of life influenced by yoga practices done in a natural environment. --Vijayendra Pratap, PhD, SKY Foundation	Only recently released on DVD, YOGA TODAY was produced in May 1993 to celebrate 100 years of Yoga in America. Shot in the beautiful Pocono mountains, this 55-minute documentary includes interviews with some of the great masters on the international yoga scene, the late Yogi Bhajan, Amrit Desai, the late Swami Satchidananda, Swami Anandamoy and Dr. Pratap; yoga instructors such as Lilias Folan, of the long-running PBS series; medical doctors, psychologists, yoga therapists, and yoga practitioners from all over the world. It is an inspirational and informative program, covering various aspects of Yoga: Guru & Disciple, Yoga & Health, Mind & Spirit, Yoga & Sexuality, Yoga & the Material World, Yoga & Religion.
Wenzel Biscayne 12 x 14 Screen House /SEP/ Wenzel Biscayne 12 x 14 Screen House. Keep cool and protected from the elements and bothersome mosquitoes in your backyard with the Wenzel 36160 Biscayne screenhouse, which measures 12 by 14 feet. It features durable Weather Armor polyester, which protects against water and UV rays, helping to increase the life of the screenhouse. Set up is a breeze thanks to the chaincorded enamel coated steel frame and multi-spoked center hub. Other features include six roof sleeves and hexagon styling for excellent stability, polyethelene mesh windows, and two large, inverted "T" style doors for easy entry/exit. Specifications: Base Size: 14 by 12 feet Center Height: 84 inches Wall Height: 70 inches Eave Size: N/A Roof Fabric: Weather Armor Polyester Wall Fabric: Polyethelene Mesh Door: Inverted "T" style, 2 EA Floor: None Frame: Steel Pegs: Steel  Warranty Wenzel tents carry a 10-year manufacturer's warranty against defects in materials and workmanship for the verified original purchaser only.	The Biscayne Screehouse has a Weather Armor Polyester Roof for durability, and Polyester Mesh walls to keep out even the smallest insects. There are 2 Inverted "T" Style doors for easy entry and exit.
The Day After Yesterday /SEP/ The Day After Yesterday. Onetime working-class dog Rick Springfield has kept his nose to the grindstone since his early-80s "Jessie's Girl"/"General Hospital"/Tiger Beat-centerfold heyday. It seems as though he's realized he's making as big of a dent in the national consciousness as former co-stars Luke and Laura. Thus The Day After Yesterday, a disc of covers that, despite Springfield's raspy best efforts, communicates a certain last-ditch desperation. "I wanted to see if it would be easier and less painful doing a CD of songs I hadn't written ... and it was," Springfield writes in the album's liner notes. The trouble is, that ease devolved audibly into disillusionment: his song choices couldn't be less interesting and his delivery lacks soul, if not grit. Longtime fans, however, may want to soldier on. Springfield's reading of  Foreigner's "Waiting for a Girl Like You" may be snoozy, but the original wasn't exactly a thrill ride either.  The same goes for Human League's pleasantly humdrum "Human." In a split second of boldness, Springfield closes the disc with a palatable, clear-eyed cover of "Imagine." It's a song about possibilities, and mixed with a healthy shot of inspiration, its message should serve the artist better next go-round. --Tammy La Gorce	The Day After Yesterday, being released on, July 12, 2005 (Gomer/DKE Records), is an album of 13 covers that have influenced Rick Springfield throughout his career, and one original song.  "I've always wanted to record these songs" Rick Springfield says. "They have been favorites of mine for a long time. They are songs I wish I'd written. I wanted to be faithful to the originals but still treat them a little differently and also give them the benefit of the new technology. Plus, I wanted to see if it would be easier and less painful doing a CD of songs I hadn't written...and it was." Tracks include I'm Not In Love (10cc), Under The Milky Way (The Church), Life In A Northern Town (Dream Academy), Broken Wings (Mister Mister), Human (Human League), Holding On To Yesterday (Ambrosia), Baker Street (Gerry Rafferty), Waiting For A Girl Like You (Foreigner), Let's Go Out Tonight (Blue Nile), For No One (Beatles), Miss You Nights (Westlife), Blue Rose (Lizz Wright), Cry (Rick Springfield) and Imagine (John Lennon) On April 26, 2005, Sony/BMG released Written in Rock, Rick Springfield Anthology, a 2-Disc set, spanning Rick Springfield's entire career. "I consider these songs to be the highlights of my past albums and they definitively represent the different eras of my songwriting." - Rick Springfield. Rick Springfield has withstood the test of time far better than most critics would ever have imagined, writing and performing some of the best-crafted mainstream power pop of the past 20 years.  A musician turned actor turned musician, Rick formed a band in high school, and eventually joined the group Rock House which toured Vietnam in 1968. A much sought after lead guitarist in his native Australia, he moved on from Rock House to join the popular band The Zoot in 1970. Springfield went solo after Zoot's breakup and garnered his first U.S. success the following year with a re-recording of his Australian hit "Speak to the Sky" (Capitol, 1972, #14). After stints with both Columbia (1973) and Chelsea Records (1976), Rick was able to secure a recording contract with RCA on the strength of his demos; in the midst of recording his debut for the label, he was signed to play the young, eligible Dr. Noah Drake on General Hospital in 1981. Springfield's popularity skyrocketed, setting the stage for the release of Working Class Dog later that year. Powered by the classic chart topping single "Jessie's Girl," (RCA, 1981, # 1) and the Top Ten follow-up "I've Done Everything for You," (RCA, 1981, #8) Working Class Dog was a smash success, and Springfield eventually returned to his first love- music- when concerts conflicted with his television career. The follow-up album, Success Hasn't Spoiled Me Yet, was released in 1982, spawning the Top Five smash "Don't Talk to Strangers" (RCA, 1982, #2); 1983's Living in Oz offered more of the same, including the Top Ten "Affair of the Heart." (RCA, 1983, #9) as well as "Human Touch" (RCA, 1983, #18) When Springfield made the leap to the big screen in 1984 with Hard to Hold, the soundtrack had another Top Five hit, "Love Somebody." (RCA, 1984, #5) Hitting the Top 40 a total of 17 times, Rick has continued to record several more albums during his career, including Tao (1985), Rock Of Life (1988), Sahara Snow (1997, with Tim Pierce and Bob Marlette), Karma (1998) Greatest Hits Alive (2001)and the critically acclaimed Shock Denial Anger Acceptance (2004).	The Day After Yesterday is an album of 13 cover tunes that have influenced Rick throughout his career. From Foreigner's 'Waiting For A Girl Like You' to John Lennon's 'Imagine', Rick has given new life to these already classic songs. DKE. 2005.
PTFE Flat Washer, ANSI, #1, 0.084&#034; ID, 0.219&#034; OD, 0.025&#034; Thick (Pack of 10) /SEP/ PTFE Flat Washer, ANSI, #1, 0.084&#034; ID, 0.219&#034; OD, 0.025&#034; Thick (Pack of 10). Standard flat washers are an economical choice when your application calls for spacers, shims, or other reinforcements. PTFE material resists both low and high temperatures. Washer meets ANSI dimensional specifications. Color is white.  PTFE (polytetrafluoroethylene) has similar properties to Teflon, including an extremely low coefficient of friction (it doesn't stick to other materials and it resists surface wear). PTFE also exhibits a useful service life from below -100 degrees Fahrenheit, to temperatures of over 500 degrees Fahrenheit. Its resistance to solvents is also excellent throughout a wide range of temperatures. PTFE has a high dielectric strength (600 volts/millimeter), which makes it a good insulator. PTFE is also water resistant, absorbing less than 0.01% of its weight if exposed to water for a 24-hour period. PTFE has below average tensile strength, at 3000 psi (pounds per square inch).   Washers have a variety of purposes. They can distribute the load of a threaded fastener and can also be used as spacers, springs, shims, and locking devices. Washers can be measured in inches or in millimeters, and typically have an outer diameter about twice as large as the inner diameter.
Canon 2647A002 EW63II Lens Hood for EF 28 f/1.8, 28-105 f/3.5-4.5 & 28-105 f/4.0-5.6 SLR Lens /SEP/ Canon 2647A002 EW63II Lens Hood for EF 28 f/1.8, 28-105 f/3.5-4.5 & 28-105 f/4.0-5.6 SLR Lens. Lens Hood Designed to eliminate sunlight distortion in your pictures EW-63II Lens Hood compatible with EF 28 f/1.8 USM, EF 28-105 f/3.5-4.5 USM, EF 28-105 f/3.5-4.5 II USM
America's Sweetheart: Gale Storm (2010) /SEP/ America's Sweetheart: Gale Storm (2010). From small-town girl to national stardom, celebrate the meteoric rise to fame of one of Hollywood s most beloved stars of the 50s in America s Sweetheart: Gale Storm. Six-disc collection (three dual-layered DVDs) includes eight feature films: Tom Brown s School Days (her 1940 debut), Uncle Joe (1941), Jesse James at Bay (1941), City of Missing Girls (1941), Let's Go Collegiate (1941), Gambling Daughters (1941), Lure of the Islands (1942) and Rhythm Parade (1942). Also three episodes from TV s My Little Margie (1952-55) and two episodes from The Gale Storm Show (1956-60).
The Cultural Politics of Food and Eating (Blackwell Readers in Anthroplogy, No. 8) /SEP/ The Cultural Politics of Food and Eating (Blackwell Readers in Anthroplogy, No. 8). Here at last is a comprehensive, thoroughly absorbing reader on contemporary culinary tastes and techniques. No student of food, globalization, or political economy can afford to overlook this valuable collection. Stanley Brandes, University of California, BerkeleyA fascinating collection of essays that ranges from everyday food consumption to the global politics of food. The analyses yield surprising insights into familiar products and the social world of which they are such an important part. While the book, unlike its subjects, is inedible, it is highly readable and intellectually nutritious. George Ritzer, University of Maryland"...provides fascinating glimpses of the behind-the-scene world of global food distribution and economics and their societal impacts on people living very different lives on opposite ends of the world" Journal of Sensory Studies"The book provides a fascinating journey through the politics, economics and culture of food in a globalized society...this book is a gold mine of thought-provoking facts, ideas and concepts...a literary delight." Journal of Sociolinguistics"A good tool for an introductory course on culture and society or perhaps a more advanced course on food, politics and global movements." Social Anthropology	Food is an important and endlessly fascinating lens for social and cultural analysis - not only for anthropologists, but also for scholars of history, literature, cultural studies, political economy, and public policy. The subject is a central idiom for understanding cultural practices and for teaching about culture on many levels. The Cultural Politics of Food and Eating is a collection of readings that uses the study of food as a vehicle for addressing broad themes that are emerging in social anthropology, such as globalization, capitalism, market economies, and consumption practices. The Cultural Politics of Food and Eating offers an ethnographically informed perspective on the ways in which people use food to make sense of life in an increasingly interconnected world. It includes studies from 11 countries across five continents on such hot topics as sushi, fast food, gourmet foods, and food scares and contamination.	Food is an important and endlessly fascinating lens for social and cultural analysis not only for anthropologists, but also for scholars of history, literature, cultural studies, political economy, and public policy. The subject is a central idiom for understanding cultural practices and for teaching about culture on many levels. The Cultural Politics of Food and Eating is a collection of readings that uses the study of food as a vehicle for addressing broad themes that are emerging in social anthropology: globalization, capitalism, market economies, and consumption practices.  The Cultural Politics of Food and Eating offers an ethnographically informed perspective on the ways in which people use food to make sense of life in an increasingly interconnected world. It includes studies from eleven countries across five continents on such hot topics as sushi, fast food, gourmet foods, and food scares and contamination.	James L. Watson is Fairbank Professor of Chinese Society and Professor of Anthropology at Harvard University. His books include Golden Arches East: McDonalds in East Asia(edited 1998), Village Life in Hong Kong (with Rubie Watson, 2004), and Between Two Cultures (edited, Blackwell, 1977).Melissa L. Caldwell is Assistant Professor of Anthropology at University of California, Santa Cruz. She is the author of Not by Bread Alone: Social Support in the New Russia (2004).
Creepy Crawler Oven Mold Refill Pack /SEP/ Creepy Crawler Oven Mold Refill Pack. Make and mold even more creepy, crawly critters with this expansion pack. It includes two bottles of Plasti -Goop (each 0.7 oz), one bottle of Goop FX (.22 oz), two detailing tips and two molds. For use with the Creepy Crawler Oven, sold separately, critter mold may vary.
The Death of an Irish Politician (Peter McGarr Mysteries) /SEP/ The Death of an Irish Politician (Peter McGarr Mysteries). "A police procedural that defies the limits of the genre...He writes with literary grace."  -- -- The Washington Post Book World"Gill knows his Ireland and his police work."  -- -- The New York Times	Bartholomew Gill authored 15 Peter McGarr mysteries, among them The Death of an Irish Lover, The Death of an Irish Tinker, and the Edgar Award nominee The Death of a Joyce Scholar. A graduate of Trinity College, Dublin, Gill wrote as Mark McGarrity for the Star-Ledger. He died in 2002.	"A police procedural that defies the limits of the genre...He writes with literary grace."
Samaadhi - (DVD/Indian Cinema/Bollywood/Hindi Film/Dharmendra/Jaya Bacchan) /SEP/ Samaadhi - (DVD/Indian Cinema/Bollywood/Hindi Film/Dharmendra/Jaya Bacchan). Lakhan Singh strikes terror into the hearts of village people everywhere. But when his heart is tamed by a woman through her courage & tenacity who would believe it. So begins the tale of Samadhi a story of hardship & misfortune where Lakhan follows a pathway of self sacrifice to provide for his loved ones. But however hard he tries he cannot escape the shadow of crime that has blighted his existence, Happiness is always seems to be snatched away & replaced by remorse & anguish which forces him out of desperation back into the life of crime he was raised into. His only hope is to ensure that his child is not caught in the circle of deception that he is so effectively ensnared. If that means disassociating himself from the one thing that he values the most than so be it.. --imdb.com
Wing Chun Kung Fu /SEP/ Wing Chun Kung Fu. COMBAT TECHNIQUES OF WING CHUN  This video features Master Alan Goldberg instructing Wing Chun Kung Fu, the style that made Bruce Lee famous. This tape includes the fundamental combat techniques and fighting theories of Wing Chun including rooting exercises for a stronger stance, self defense applications, the Wing Chun dummy and Chi Sao, Wing Chuns famous sticky hands drill. The instructor is Master Alan Goldberg. He has 33 years experience in the martial arts and is the number one student of Grand Master Jason Lau. Master Goldberg is also the publisher of Action Martial Arts Magazine and has taught street survival and defensive tactics to the New York City Police Department. A great introductory video to Wing Chun Kung Fu.
246 Silicone O-Ring, 70A Durometer, Red, 4-1/2&#034; ID, 4-3/4&#034; OD, 1/8&#034; Width (Pack of 10) /SEP/ 246 Silicone O-Ring, 70A Durometer, Red, 4-1/2&#034; ID, 4-3/4&#034; OD, 1/8&#034; Width (Pack of 10). This silicone O-ring is red in color, round in shape, has a durometer of 7OA, and is designed for use in a wide variety of sealing applications.    Silicone is acceptable for temperature applications between -65 degrees F (-54 degrees C) to 450 degrees F (232 degrees C). It has good resistance to ozone, weather, detergent, salt water, engine and transmission oil, non-petroleum brake fluid, hydraulic fluids that resist fire, vegetable and animal oils, and high molecular weight chlorinated aromatic hydrocarbons. Silicone is vulnerable to mechanical wear and tear, water and steam over 250 degrees F (121 degrees C), aromatic hydrocarbons (benzene), chlorinated hydrocarbons (trichloroethylene), acids and bases, and hydrocarbon fuels.  O-rings commonly provide a pressure and fluid seal between cylindrically shaped, overlapping mating surfaces and are commonly seen in engines, faucets, flanges, valves, and various cylinders. They are circular in shape, with a round cross section and a hole in the center, similar to a doughnut. O-rings are available in a number of sizes, and can be ordered based on required nominal inside diameter (ID), outer diameter (OD), and cross-sectional (CS) diameter.    This silicone O-ring has a shore durometer of 70A. Shore durometer is the hardness of a material, and its resistance to permanent indentation. A higher durometer value indicates greater resistance to indentation on a scale of 0 to 100, with 100 indicating no indentation.    This silicone O-ring meets standards defined by Aerospace Standard AS568A, which is the Aerospace Size Standard for O-rings.
Hide This French Book /SEP/ Hide This French Book. Things you might really want to say andneed to sayhip, young, and irreverent.  Chicago Tribune OnlineAn utter delight for the hip traveler.  New York Daily News	In January 2003, the renowned Berlitz Publishing became part of the Langenscheidt Group.  The Langenscheidt Publishing Group, the premier group of map and travel companies, offers over 4,000 North American and international street maps, road maps, atlases, language-learning, bilingual dictionaries, and travel-related products covering countries, cities, and languages in every continent.
Under the Covers /SEP/ Under the Covers. A rather mediocre and often puzzling outing for the multitalented Mr. Yoakam. While the idea of Under the Covers--Dwight trying his hand at songs by the likes of the Beatles, Them, the Clash, Roy Orbison, Ray Davies, and the Rolling Stones--sounds good on paper, it's an uneven ride that lacks focus. The Clash's Train in Vain works as a hillbilly hayride (with Ralph Stanley on banjo), but Ray Davis' Tired of Waiting for You goes nowhere, and the Johnny Horton chestnut North to Alaska seems misplaced. Not an essential Yoakam release, but not bad as a curiosity. --S. Duda
Come on Christmas /SEP/ Come on Christmas. Dwight Yoakam's work as an interpretive singer has been solid and, as far as Christmas music albums go, this one is informed with Yoakam's great vocal talents and a country band that can get these tunes to swing in any juke joint. The rumba of "Here Comes Santa Claus" is a tad forced, but Yoakam's good humor is in evidence. This album may lack the gravitas of his best work, but it shows that even a cowboy feels like kicking off his existential boots sometimes and getting down with standards from years bygone. --Rob O'Connor
Japonesque Double Sided Palette 35 Well /SEP/ Japonesque Double Sided Palette 35 Well. Japonesque Double Sided Palette 35 Well
Composer/Pianist /SEP/ Composer/Pianist. Composer/Pianist by Michael Allen HarrisonThis product is manufactured on demand using CD-R recordable media. Amazon.com's standard return policy will apply.
DMI Square Backboard /SEP/ DMI Square Backboard. DMI Backboard Wall Protector: Solid wood trim with black or blue fabric, Fits all standard 18" x 1-1/2" bristle dartboards, Protects wall from stray darts, Dimensions 31-1/2" x 26-1/2", Dartboard not included, Made in USA, One year warranty against defects.
Libre /SEP/ Libre. PE'A JENNIFER LIBRE
Destiny Betrayed : J.F.K., Cuba, and the Garrison Case /SEP/ Destiny Betrayed : J.F.K., Cuba, and the Garrison Case. In this book, DiEugenio, who has been investigating the Kennedy assassination for ten years, expands on the major points brought out in JFK , the Oliver Stone movie. Both Stone and DiEugenio agree with Jim Garrison's findings that the assassination was the result of a conspiracy, that members of the U.S. intelligence community were involved, that Kennedy was assassinated to allow U.S. foreign policy to be changed, and that the assassination amounted to a coup d'etat. While DiEugenio discusses Kennedy's rocky relationship with the CIA, he focuses on the Clay Shaw trial and the media's unfair depiction of Garrison as a crank. DiEugenio also points out that in 1975, both the Church Committee and the House Select Committee on Assassinations concluded, as had Garrison, that Lee Harvey Oswald was linked with the CIA and Cuban exiles. The book is thoroughly documented with endnotes, appendixes, and a bibliography of over 200 items. While no new revelations are offered, DiEugenio's impeccable research and clearly written analysis makes this a good choice for most libraries. Photos not seen. Other recent books on the Kennedy assassination are Mark North's Act of Treason and Mark Lane's Plausible Denial , both LJ 11/1/91.--Ed.- Gary D. Barber, SUNY at Fredonia Lib.Copyright 1992 Reed Business Information, Inc.
The Trompowsky (Chess Press Opening Guides) /SEP/ The Trompowsky (Chess Press Opening Guides). In the past few years the Trompowsky Attack (1 d4 Nf6 2 Bg5) has risen from relative obscurity to become one of White's most popular queen's pawn openings. largely inspired by the English grandmasters Julian Hodgson and Michael Adams, the 'Tromp' has been enthusiastically taken up by club players and grandmasters alike, and has become one of the most potent weapons at White's disposal. From the second move White sets his opponent unusual ad difficult problems; one false move and Black can often be swamped by a quick attack, as countless victims will testify. In this book, Grandmaster Joe Gallagher explains the strategy and tactics of this exciting opening. Through the use of model games for both sides, the author provides a thorough grounding in the key ideas, so readers can quickly and confidently start to use the Trompowsky in their own games.
Chevrolet Camaro/Pontiac Firebird 1993-2002 (Haynes Repair Manual) /SEP/ Chevrolet Camaro/Pontiac Firebird 1993-2002 (Haynes Repair Manual). Haynes offers the best coverage for cars, trucks, vans, SUVs and motorcycles on the market today. Each manual contains easy to follow step-by-step instructions linked to hundreds of photographs and illustrations. Included in every manual: troubleshooting section to help identify specific problems; tips that give valuable short cuts to make the job easier and eliminate the need for special tools; notes, cautions and warnings for the home mechanic; color spark plug diagnosis and an easy to use index.
Steven Soderbergh: Interviews (Conversations with Filmmakers) /SEP/ Steven Soderbergh: Interviews (Conversations with Filmmakers). Whether they prefer the early, low-budget sex, lies, and videotape or Erin Brockovich, Steven Soderbergh fans will appreciate a new collection of interviews with this year's "It" filmmaker put together by indieWIRE.com editor Anthony Kaufman. Steven Soderbergh: Interviews features conversations with the director that originally appeared in publications like Rolling Stone and the Village Voice, spanning from 1989 to 2000. With his famously self-deprecating sense of humor, the director reflects on all stages of his career, from his phenomenal freshman success with sex, lies through the indie efforts of the mid-'90s to recent blockbusters Out of Sight, Traffic and Ocean's 11. Copyright 2002 Cahners Business Information, Inc.	      --This text refers to the 							Hardcover	 edition.	Interviews which chart the rise and fall and rise again of the writer-director-producer's surprising career from 1989 to 2001
Little Giant 125 Watt Water Heater Base HB125 /SEP/ Little Giant 125 Watt Water Heater Base HB125. Product description
Ordinary Mary's Extraordinary Deed /SEP/ Ordinary Mary's Extraordinary Deed. Can one good deed from an ordinary girl change the world? It can when she's Ordinary Mary--an ordinary girl from an ordinary school, on her way to ordinary house--who stumbles upon ordinary blueberries. When she decides to pick them for her neighbor, Mrs. Bishop, she starts a chain reaction that multiplies around the world. Mrs. Bishop makes blueberry muffins and gives them to her paperboy and four others--one of whom is Mr. Stevens, who then helps five different people with their luggage--one of whom is Maria, who then helps five people--including a man named Joseph who didn't have enough money for his groceries--and so on, until the deed comes back to Mary. It's a feel-good story that inspires and celebrates a world full of ordinary deeds!	Emily Pearson is the coauthor of Fuzzy Red Bathrobe: Questions from the Heart for Mothers and Daughters. Emily and her two children live in Salt Lake City, Utah. This is her first children's book.Fumi Kosaka was born and raised in Japan and studied illustration at Brigham Young University. Her credits include Let's Count the Raindrops and Bubbles, Bubbles. She lives in New York City.	Ordinary Mary was so very ordinary that you'd never guess she could change the world. This ordinary kid? She did! She changed the world!   One ordinary day, skipping on her way from her ordinary school to her ordinary house, she passed an ordinary vacant lot filled with ordinary bushes growing ordinary berries--ordinary blue and juicy, luscious lovely berries.   Well, Ordinary Mary picked the ordinary berries and brought them in a big brown bowl to Mrs. Bishops porch.    What? Left berries in a big brown bol on Mrs. Bishops porch?    That sneaky kid! She did!
More! From the R.M. & the Singles Ward /SEP/ More! From the R.M. & the Singles Ward. More Music from RM and singles Ward movies	1. Love At home	2. Hello, I'm Doing	3. Lift Me Up	4. Where Love Is	5. Time	6. Book of Mormon Stories	7. Puppy Love	8. Inside of Me	9. I feel the Savior's Love	10. I Love to See the Temple	11. Everyday	12. Composition Medley
Term Sheets & Valuations - A Line by Line Look at the Intricacies of Term Sheets & Valuations (Bigwig Briefs) /SEP/ Term Sheets & Valuations - A Line by Line Look at the Intricacies of Term Sheets & Valuations (Bigwig Briefs). This primer should be required reading for every entrepreneur. It is short, authoritative and worth its weight in gold. --- Murray Low, Executive Director, Columbia Business School, Eugene M. Lang Center for EntrepreneurshipAn invaluable resource for executives and financial professionals. --- Graham D.S. Anderson, General Partner, EuclidSR PartnersA valuable resource for entrepreneurs... --- Jeffrey Donohue, Esq.
Women's Health: A Primary Care Clinical Guide (3rd Edition) /SEP/ Women's Health: A Primary Care Clinical Guide (3rd Edition). Now in its Third Edition, Women's Health: A Primary Care Clinical Guide continues to provide the comprehensive coverage of women's health information that has made it a best-seller for years! From adolescent health, to issues affecting those over the age of 65 and everything in between, this resource covers the scope of issues affecting women, including pregnancy issues, frequently encountered medical problems, societal/economic/political factors, and more.    Features Include:  Revised and updated content to reflect the latest research and trends including the latest on hormone replacement therapy. New Chapter on complementary therapies in women's health. Information on the current Bethesda Guidelines for reporting and managing cervical cytology. New information and guidelines on sexually transmitted diseases. A unique, easily accessible format.	Many women, by choice or by necessity, will seek out the women's health care provider as their source of primary care. This third edition of Women's Health: A Primary to Clinical Guide is designed to help meet the needs of these providers who offer women more than basic reproductive health care. It covers the traditional reproductive and gynecologic content as well as selected common medical, psychosocial, developmental, and political problems, issues, and needs. We have updated every chapter, and, at the request of readers, included a new chapter: Chapter 5, Integrating Wellness: Complementary Therapies and Women's Health. To maintain a reasonable length of the book, we had to choose a chapter to omit, unfortunately. Since legal issues are covered well in most references on the role of the nurse practitioner, we now refer readers to such references for this topic. We hope to bring legal issues back in the future in an expanded manner with role and policy components specific to women's health.    Part I, Women, Health, and the Health Care System, begins with a chapter on the major historical and contemporary changes in health care relating to women, focusing on the important societal, economic, and political factors that will affect health needs for the end of this century and into the next. Chapter 2 discusses women's health and development through the life cycle, followed by Chapter 3, specific to the adolescent woman. Chapter 4 deals with incidences of diseases, general guidelines for health care screening, and interventions. Information on the revised 2001 Bethesda Guidelines for reporting and managing cervical cytology is included. Chapter 6 covers sexuality facts and issues. Chapter 7 concerns the health needs of lesbians.    Part II, Promotion of Gynecologic Health Care, delves into the more traditional health problems and needs of women related to the reproductive systems. Chapters 8 through 15 cover menstrual concerns, fertility management, infertility, sexually transmitted diseases and vaginitis, including the 2002 STD guidelines from the CDC, the special needs of women with HIV, pelvic and abdominal diseases, breast concerns, and the health concerns of perimenopausal and older women.    Part III, Promotion of Women's Health Care During Pregnancy, details uncomplicated and complicated pregnancy care, postpartum needs and problems, lactation issues, and fetal surveillance.    Primary Care Problems Affecting Women's Health, Part IV, was significantly expanded in the second edition to address even more of the medical problems frequently encountered in primary care of women such as headaches, anemia, hypertension, asthma, and dermatologic conditions. Chapters 21 and 22 are dedicated to current information on common medical problems. Selected psychosocial problems, such as violence, depression, and eating disorders and their impacts on women, with insights into related health care needs and therapies, are discussed in Chapter 23. Chapter 24 reviews unique care concerns of women with disabilities and chronic illness. The appendices address emergency childbirth (Appendix A), assessment of the newborn (Appendix B), and selected laboratory values commonly referenced in women's health (Appendix C).    We particularly intend this book to be a handbook, a resource that allows any primary health care provider to retrieve basic information easily. We see it as a reference with enough depth to be useful in a clinical setting, serving as a source of teaching advice for clients, including differential medical diagnoses, screening and early intervention measures, and guidelines for referral. Some of the chapters fit more easily into an outline format for diseases or other conditions, whereas many chapters conform to a more traditional text format or a combination format for presentation of issues.    We wish to remind the reader that the scope of advanced practice nursing varies from state to state, and the individual practitioner is responsible for knowing his or her legal limits of practice. Also, recognizing the rapidity with which new knowledge becomes available and standards change, the practitioner must stay ever alert.    Women's health care providers are continuously challenged to expand their knowledge and ability to help women fulfill a wide spectrum of needs, both physical and psychosocial. Women's health is no longer limited to reproductive organs. The broadening scope of women's health care is a critically important issue in this period of rapidly changing health care systems. Resources are burgeoning, empowering women to become more informed consumers in the health care arena, yet attaining holistic care to meet basic needs remains a struggle for many. We, with the contributing authors, hope that you as primary care providers in a rapidly changing world of health care will find this book a useful and an effective resource in your endeavors to provide women with the health care they need and deserve.    Our sincere thanks go to our excellent contributing authors. Their outstanding expertise and effort have made this book the useful clinical reference we envisioned. We also wish to thank the fine editors and staff at Prentice Hall Health and Pine Tree Composition, Inc., for their support and many hours of work on this project. Last, our deep appreciation goes to our families who encouraged us during the months of preparation and work. A special note goes to our inspiring "little women," Alicia, Valarie, Julianne, Emily, and Annie, who join the women of the twenty-first century in deserving the best health care of the new millennium.    Ellis Quinn Youngkin Marcia Szmania Davis
